This is a big basketball court.
Some people enjoy basketball at afternoon.
There are many trees around the basketball area.
No one watched them play basketball.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
There is a yellow harvester harvesting wheat in a golden field.
A yellow harvester is harvesting wheat in the golden farmland.
There is a yellow harvester harvesting wheat in the golden field.
Gold farmland has a yellow harvester in wheat harvest.
There is a yellow harvester harvesting wheat in a golden field.
There are people swimming in the swimming pool.
Someone is swimming in the swimming pool.
Some people are swimming in the swimming pool.
Somebody is swimming in the swimming pool.
There are people swimming in the swimming pool.
The photo is taken in a room.
There are two lines of lamps and five other lamps under the ceiling.
There is a blue object near the wall.
We can see two windows on the wall.
There are blue and yellow marks on the floor.
A few  people are swimming in the blue swimming pool in bathing suits.
Several people are swimming in the blove  swimming pool in bathing suits.
Some people are swimming in the blue swimming pool in bathing suits.
Several people are swimming in the blue swimming swim pool in bathing suits.
Several people are take a siwm in the blue swimming pool in bathing suits.
Traffic accident happened at the intersection, and there were many cars along the road.
There was a traffic accident at the intersection, and there were many cars along the road.
An accident happened at the intersection, and there were many cars along the road.
There was a traffic accident at the intersection, and there were many cars along the road.
An accident happened at the intersection, and there were many cars along the road.
There were traffic jams on many highways where the bridge was located.
Where the bridge is, there are traffic jams on many highways.
The traffic jam happened on many highways where the bridge was located.
Traffic jams occurred on many highways where the bridge was located.
At the bridge, traffic jams occurred on many highways.
Around the parking are buildings.
Some buildings fall down on the land.
Some buildings' roofs are broken.
A white car parked in the parking.
Most buildings are complete.
This is a tremendous baseball area.
In the morning, some people enjoy baseball on the baseball court.
Bright sunshine on baseball area.
A number of people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball area.
We can see a green tractor on the farmland.
The green tractor equip on a blue plough.
The land which has been ploughed looks red.
The land which need to be ploughed looks yellow and green.
There are some houses near the farmland.
The streets were crowded with people holding flags and marching in protest.
The streets were crowded with people marching with flags.
On the streets of people carrying flags in the protests.
Crowds of people in the street are marching in protest with flags.
A crowd of people in the street held flags and marched in protest.
There seem to be traffic accidents in two cars, and traffic police are mediating.
It seems that two cars have had traffic accidents, and traffic police are mediating.
Two cars seem to have had traffic accidents, and traffic police are mediating.
A traffic accident seems to have happened in two cars, and traffic police are mediating.
Two cars seem to have had traffic accidents, and traffic police are mediating.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
Many people are marching in the streets with flags.
On the streets of a lot of people carrying flags in the protests.
A lot of people in the street are holding flags in protest.
There are countless people holding flags in the street in protest.
There are many people in the street holding flags in protest.
Red farm vehicles are loaded with grain.
The red farm vehicle is carrying grain.
Red farm vehicles are loading grain.
A red farm vehicles are carrying grain.
Red farm vehicles in food.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there were many trees beside it.
A traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there were many trees beside it.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and the other side of the road was clear.
A traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and the other side of the road was clear.
On one side of the road, there was a traffic jam, and there were many trees beside it.
There are many police cars.
The police cars are parked together.
We can see red and blue light on some police cars.
Some doors of police cars are open.
We can see a person running on the road.
We can see a part of a stone over the water at the bottom of the photo.
The water in the river looks yellow.
Sun light go through trees and reflect on the water.
The land on sides of the river is covered with plants.
A Y-like tree slant on the water.
There is a farmland.
The farmland is green.
The farmland looks green.
We can see shades on the farmland.
The photo is taken at daytime.
On sides of the highway are buildings.
We can see nine cars on the highway.
There are two police cars.
There are two police cars on the highway.
The police cars are white-and-black.
There are two teams of players playing football on the football field, one in white and the other in blue.
Two teams of players are playing football on the football field, one in white and the other in blue.
On the football field, there are two teams of players playing football, one in white and the other in blue.
In the football field, there are two teams of players playing football, one in white and the other in blue.
Football ground is green in color.
The football field is lined with dark green and light green.
Football courts are lined with dark green and light green.
A football field is lined with dark green and light green.
Players are playing football on the football field.
On the football field, there are players playing football.
A building fall down on the land.
There are some workers burrowing on the building.
We can see many holes on the buildings
Most workers wear yellow safety helmets.
Some people stand near the building.
These people are playing basketball in this indoor court with solid wood floor.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
No one watched them play basketball.
A man is holding a basketball and trying to shoot.
Everyone else is guarding the guy who dribbles.
There is a ruin after an earthquake.
Some parts of the building break down.
We can see people working to clean the ruin.
There is a yellow excavator.
There is a red truck.
Someone is boating in the water, and many people are swimming in the water.
Some people are rowing in the water, and many people are swimming in the water.
People are rowing in the water, and many people are swimming in the water.
Some people are rowing in the water, and many people are swimming in the water.
There are many people boating in the water.
There is a baseball court.
It is at night.
The floor in baseball court is green and yellow.
Five lamps around the baseball court are on.
There are spectator seats around the baseball court.
The mudslide flooded the house, and the ground was covered with mud and stones.
Mud flow flooded the house, and the ground was covered with mud and stones.
A mudslide flooded the house, and the ground was covered with mud and stones.
Mudslides have submerged houses, and the ground is covered with mud and stones.
Mudslides flooded homes, and the ground was covered with mud and stones.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The weather was also awfully nice when they were watching the concert.
This is an open-air sun concert by the sea.
The landslide caused the mountain to shift, and many houses were destroyed.
Landslides caused the mountain to shift, and many houses were destroyed.
The landslide shifted the mountain and destroyed many houses.
Many houses were destroyed when the landslide shifted the mountain.
Landslides that migration, many houses were destroyed.
There are many cars near the running road.
Many cars are near the running road.
Near the running section, there is a railway Gao Qiao.
There is someone standing next to the car running near the running road.
Near the running road, someone is standing next to the car running.
Most trees are yellow while others look green.
We can see a T-like crossing on the photo.
There is sport court with lamps around it on the right part of the photo.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There is no car on the road.
The sun was shining and there was a traffic jam on the city highway.
It was sunny and there was a traffic jam on the city highway.
When the sun was shining, there was a traffic jam on the city highway.
There was a traffic jam on the city highway when the sun was shining.
In the bright sunshine, there was a traffic jam on the city highway.
There is a lake.
We can see a building on the lake.
Someone swim in the water.
We can see white clouds in the blue sky.
We can see some people stand on the building.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There were some people watching them row the boat.
There is a bridge over the water where they row the boat.
No one watched them row the boat.
Many people run on the path beside the river, and there is green grass nearby.
A lot of people run on the path beside the river, and there is green grass nearby.
Lots of people run on the path beside the river, and there is green grass nearby.
There are many people running on the path beside the river, and there is a lounge nearby.
Lots of people run on the path beside the river, and there is a lounge nearby.
The flood covered the bottom of the house.
Floods covered the bottom of the house.
The flood covered the bottom of the house.
Half of the sign was flooded.
The bottom of the flooded house.
We can see two roads.
On sides of the roads are grassland.
There are trees on the grassland.
We can see buildings far away.
It is a cloudy day.
There is a farmland.
On the farmland is a green tractor.
The green tractor equip up a green plough.
The land on the right of the green tractor is ploughed.
The land on the left of the green tractor need to be ploughed.
There is a tractor on the farmland.
The tractor turn on its light.
There are plants on the land need to be ploughed.
The land on the right of the tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the left of the tractor has been ploughed.
The mudslide came down the plant-filled mountain and threatened to flood the village's houses.
Mudslides from the plant-filled hills threatened to flood the village's houses.
The mudslide from the plant-filled hill is about to flood the village's houses.
The mudslide came down a mountain full of plants and threatened to flood the village houses.
Debris flow from the mountains full of plants into the flooded village house.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a awfully tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
People rush to a special place in this conflict.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
People in the conflict put up signs in protest.
There are four big plant fields.
Between the plant fields are road.
No one stand on plant fields.
There is no activity in on the plant fields.
There is no activity in on the plant fields.
It is at night.
We can see a overpass over a highway.
There are some cars on the highway.
There are some cars on the overpass.
The lights on some cars are on.
Two farm vehicles were working in tandem in the field.
The two agricultural vehicles are working together in the field.
Two farm vehicles are working together in the field.
The two agricultural vehicles work together in the fields.
Two field farm vehicles work in cooperating with each other.
There is a car smoking white smoke right away.
There was a car accident on the road.
One car had a traffic accident on the road.
An accident happened to a car on the road.
A car had a traffic accident on the road.
This is a large baseball area.
A number of people play baseball at night.
many people are watching them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball ground.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
Ferocious flood flooded the forest and the roads and houses nearby.
The road and the trees and houses next to it were flooded with water.
Boundless water flooded the forest and the roads and houses nearby.
The water flooded the forest as well as the roads and houses next to it.
The water flooded forests and beside the roads and houses.
Fierce mudslides swept through the vegetated valley.
The fierce debris flow rushes in the valley full of plants.
A fierce mudslide rushes in the valley full of plants.
Ferocious debris flow rushes in the valley full of plants.
Fierce mudslides in valley rushing throughout the plant.
A boy in yellow is playing football on the football field.
A wearing yellow clothes the boy playing football on the football field.
A boy in yellow is playing football on a football field with houses outside.
A boy in yellow plays football on a football field with houses outside.
A boy in yellow is playing football on a football field with houses outside.
A ship is in the sea, and someone is swimming near the ship.
There are ships in the sea, and some people are swimming near the ships.
In the sea, there are ships, and some people are swimming near the ships.
The ship is in the sea, and some people are swimming near the ship.
There are ships in the sea, and some people are swimming near the ships.
White harvesters cut wheat in a dusty field.
A white harvester was harvesting wheat in a dusty field.
White harvesters cut wheat in the dusty fields.
A white harvester in once more dust of the wheat harvest in the field.
White harvester in once more dust of the wheat harvest in the field.
There was a flood in the village. Houses and trees were soaked by the flood.
Flooding in the village. Houses and trees were soaked by the flood.
There was a flood in the village. Houses and trees were flooded.
Floods occurred in the village. Houses and trees were flooded.
There was a flood in the village. Houses and trees were soaked by the flood.
This is a huge baseball area.
There are many trees around the baseball field.
Bright sunshine on baseball ground.
This is a large baseball area.
Street lights near the baseball area.
In this conflict, some people will smash cars.
People rush to a special place in this conflict.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
On the road under the building and on the bridge, there are countless people marching in protest.
The countless people are marching and protesting on the road under the building and on the bridge.
There were countless people marching on the road and bridge below the building.
Countless people were marching on the road and bridge below the building.
Under the building of the road and bridge has the countless people in the protests.
Many racing cars are running on the track, and it seems that there is a car accident.
There are many racing cars running on the track, and it seems that a car had an accident.
There seems to be a car accident and a lot of smoke comes out.
A lot of racing cars are running on the track, and it seems that there is a car accident.
It seems that there was a car accident and a lot of smoke came out.
There is a business street.
It is at night.
There are many lights in the business street.
The lights are yellow and white.
We can see red and blue parasols.
There is a bridge over the water where they row the boat.
No one watched them row the boat.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
At night the harvester cut the crops with the lights on.
The harvester cut the crops at night with the lights on.
Harvesters harvest crops at night with lights on.
At night, the harvester cut the crops with the lights on.
Harvester to harvest the crops with the lights on at night.
Light in the football field.
The lights in the football field.
There are many people playing football in the football field.
Many people are playing football in the football field.
Many cars are outside the football field.
The man in blue is playing football on the football field. There are many trees outside.
There is a man in blue playing football on the football field. There are many trees outside.
One man in blue is playing football on the football field. There are many trees outside.
A man in blue is playing football on the football field. There are many trees outside.
There is a man in blue playing football on the football field. There are many trees outside.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
A number of buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take a number of time to complete.
The constructing required a awfully large number of people working together to complete it.
The flood inundated a large area of villages. Everything in the village was immersed in the flood.
Floods inundated large swathes of the village. Everything in the village is soaked in the big water.
The floods inundated large swathes of the village. Everything in the village is immersed in large waters.
Large villages into the flood. All things in the village were soaked in the water.
The flood submerged large areas of the village. Everything in the village was submerged in water.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a extraordinary tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Through days of difficult work by workers, the construction has taken on its basic shape.
There is a highway.
There is a car on the way.
A white car is on the way.
On sides of the highway are trees.
The trees look green and yellow.
Some people carried colorful sedans.
On the day of religious activities, there were many people gathered, and they were released into black from afar.
On the day of religious activities, a large number of people gathered and white smoke was emitted in the sky.
The buildings near which religious activities are earthen buildings.
The buildings were earthen buildings with several sedan chairs in the middle.
There was a large prairie on the shore where they rowed their boats.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
No one watched them row the boat.
Under the cylindrical granary stood a truck full of grain.
Vans full of grain were parked under cylindrical granaries.
Under the cylindrical granary, trucks full of grain were parked.
The granary of the cylindrical parked under the truck full of food.
Under the cylindrical granary, trucks filled with grain are parked.
They play basketball at night.
No one watched them play basketball.
This open air basketball court is very dark at night.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
There were no lights on the basketball court.
People set up stalls on the roadside, and few people buy.
People stand in the river with mud.
On the day of religious activities, a pile of people stand in a circle.
The river is sprinkled with water.
People stand in a circle and there are spray guns in the river.
Some people play basketball at afternoon.
This is a professional basketball court with solid wood floors indoors.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
This is a immense basketball court.
Some people stood in a row watching these people play basketball.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The weather was also awfully nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
A number of people play basketball at night.
This is a solid wood basketball court.
No one watched them play basketball.
They had a great time playing basketball.
Several people were playing basketball on roller skating chairs.
Two teams of players play football in the blue field, and there are many white lines in the field.
The two teams of players play football in the blue field, and there are many white lines in the field.
A team of two players play football in the blue field, and there are many white lines in the field.
There are two teams of players playing football in the blue field. There are many white lines in the field.
The two teams of players play football in the blue field, and there are many white lines in the field.
There are people in the football field.
There is a white net at the football door, and someone is watching outside.
Football has a white net at the door, and someone is watching outside.
There are people in the football field, and the lights are on.
People are in the football field, and the lights are on.
There is a road near this construction site.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a very tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Near the farmland is a grassland.
We can see a green tractor on the farmland.
The green tractor plough on the farmland.
Most of the farmland is ploughed.
Part of the farmland need to be ploughed.
There is a overpass.
The overpass is broken.
We can see stones under the overpass.
There is a break in the overpass.
We can see a break in the overpass.
There were some people watching them row the boat.
There was a large prairie on the shore where they rowed their boats.
There is a bridge over the water where they row the boat.
No one watched them row the boat.
There are many trees near where they row the boat.
Floods swept the entire village. The bottoms of many trees and houses were covered with floodwater.
The flood swept through the whole village. Many trees and the bottom of houses were covered with flood water.
Floods swept through the entire village. The bottoms of many trees and houses were covered by floodwaters.
At the bottom of the many trees and houses were covered by flood.
The flood swept the whole village. Many trees and houses were covered by floods.
Road next to basketball court.
There are several little boys playing basketball together.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
This is a circular concrete basketball court.
There are some houses near the lawn of this basketball court.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a extraordinary tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
There is a sport court.
We can see a sport court.
The floor of the sport court looks green and yellow.
We can see marks on the sport court.
The marks are white, yellow and red.
There are two cars on the highway.
There is a police car on the highway.
There is a white car near the police car.
The police car is white-and-black.
The police car turn light on at night.
There are many people playing football on the football field.
Many people are playing football on the football field.
A lot of people are playing football on the football field.
Outside the football field there are many trees and houses.
Many trees and houses are outside the football field.
A car had a traffic accident and was thrown off the road by the sea.
There was a car accident and it was thrown off the road by the sea.
One of the cars had a traffic accident and was thrown off the road by the sea.
One car had a traffic accident, and there were stones all around.
An accident happened to a car, and there were stones all around.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
Road next to basketball court.
This guy plays basketball in the sun.
This is an old concrete basketball court.
No one plays basketball with him.
This is a wide baseball area.
In the afternoon, some people play baseball on the baseball court.
Bright sunshine on baseball area.
There are many trees around the baseball field.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
In the night, there was a serious car accident on the road, and many traffic policemen rushed to the scene.
A serious car accident happened on the road at night, and many traffic policemen rushed to the scene.
There was a serious car accident on the road at night, and many traffic policemen rushed to the scene.
In the night, there was a serious car accident on the road, and many traffic policemen rushed to the scene.
A car accident happened on the track, and several racing cars collided.
There are many highways.
We can see many overpasses.
The overpasses cross complexly.
There are many cars.
It is at night.
The are many people in the party.
The are some trees in the party.
The party is on grass.
Most people in the party stay together.
The party is near a road.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The weather was also very nice when they were watching the concert.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
Traffic jam happened on the road, and there were many houses on the road.
There was a traffic jam on the road, and there were many trees beside it.
The traffic jam happened on the road, and there were many houses on the road.
Traffic jam happened on the road, and there were many trees beside it.
A traffic jam happened on the road, and there were many houses on the road.
There are some trees fall down into water.
We can see many buildings.
Some buildings are broken.
We can see cracks on some buildings.
Some buildings fall down on the land.
There are a lot of people buying supplies for religious activities.
There are a lot of people are buying religious activities need supplies.
There are a lot of people buying supplies for religious activities.
There are a lot of people are buying religious activities need supplies.
There are many people who gather to buy the tribute needed for the religious event.
The harvester reaped the crops in the fields at night.
Harvesters harvest crops in the fields at night.
Night harvester to harvest the crops in the fields.
Harvesters cut crops in the fields at night.
A harvester is harvesting crops in the field at night.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
Each of them wears a hard hat while riding the cycle.
Each of them wears a difficult hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle very prompt.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle prompt and slow.
The streets of the town were full of people marching in protest.
The streets of the town of the person in protests.
This dense crowd of people are marching in protest on the streets of the town.
The streets of the town are full of people marching in protest.
On the streets of the town, there are so many people marching in protest.
There is a basketball court.
The floor of basketball court looks green.
We can see white and yellow marks on the floor.
One person stand on the basketball court.
On the basketball court is a person.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
Lots of cars parked there on the shore of the boat race.
No one watched them row the boat.
There is a river.
On sides of the river are buildings.
The sky looks blue.
There are two groups of clouds in the sky.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There were a lot of people around the track watching their cars.
Here are some cars parked here to race.
They race cars on the road.
Their race cars are colorful.
The cars they race are extremely speedy.
The flood covered large areas of trees and roads. The tops of the trees are above the water.
Floods inundated large swathes of woods and roads. The tops of the trees are above the water.
The large trees and road flooded. The tops of the trees are above the water.
Floods inundated large forests and roads. The tops of the trees stick out above the water.
The large trees and road flooded. Trees at the top of the dew on the surface of the water.
Many people gathered for a religious activities.
There are many small yellow flags near places where religious activities are held.
A lot of people go to religious activities with little yellow flags.
There are yellow buildings where religious activities are held.
There are many small yellow flags near places where religious activities are held.
There is someone running on the road, next to the withered lawn.
Some people are running on the road, next to the withered lawn.
Somebody is running on the road, next to the withered lawn.
There are people running on the road, and there are many trees beside them.
Some people are running on the road, and there are many trees beside them.
There are many people.
We can see a big broken building.
The broken building looks like a tower.
We can see white walls around the broken building.
We can see big stones from the broken building on the land.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide down and the houses on it were destroyed.
A landslide caused the mountain to slide down and the houses on it were destroyed.
Landslid caused the mountain to slide down and the houses on it were destroyed.
The landslide caused the land to slide and the houses above were destroyed.
Landslides caused the mountain to slide down and the houses above were destroyed.
There are people playing football in the football field, and there are trees outside.
There are white lines in the football field.
There are people playing football in the football field and trees outside.
Someone is playing football in the football field, and there are trees outside.
Some people are playing football in the football field, and there are trees outside.
On the land are many buildings.
A building is broken.
Part of the broken building is missing.
Roof of the broken building is missing.
Most buildings are complete.
The weather was extraordinary nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
The man rode his cycle on the path in the middle of the hill.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
We can see many white birds flying on the farmland.
There is a tractor on the farmland.
The land on the right of the tractor has been ploughed.
The land on the left of the tractor need to be ploughed.
It is a cloudy day.
Here are a number of trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
This is a huge baseball area.
Some people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball area.
There are many trees around the baseball area.
No one watched them enjoy baseball.
A man walks on a plank bridge over a flood.
The man walks on a single-plank bridge over a flood.
A man walks on a log bridge over a flood.
Men walk on a single-plank bridge over the flood.
The man walks on a wooden bridge over the flood.
Several farm vehicles were driving side by side in the field.
Many harvesters run side by side in the field.
Several agricultural vehicles driving side by side in the fields.
Many of the harvester driving side by side in the fields.
Many harvesters drive side by side in the field.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
There were some people watching them row the boat.
They row the boat in the same way.
In the evening, a man plays football on the football field.
At night, a man plays football on the football field.
A man plays football on the football field in the evening.
In the evening, a man plays football on the football field, which is green.
There is a man playing football on the football field in the evening and the football field is green.
A man is running on a river dam. There is a red sign next to the river dam.
One person is running on the river dam, and there is a red sign next to the river dam.
There is a man running on the river dam, and there is a red sign next to the river dam.
One is running on a river dam. There are many arches under the river dam.
A person is running on a river dam. There are many arches under the river dam.
This is a circle road.
There are some cars on the road.
On the road are some cars.
We can see trees on sides of the road.
It is daytime.
There are some roads.
There are some cars on roads.
We can swimming pools on the upper of some buildings.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There are many trees.
Traffic jam on the highway during the day.
Traffic jam on the highway during the day.
There is a traffic jam on the highway during the day
Traffic jams on highways during the day.
Traffic jams on mountain roads during the day.
The streets were crowded with people carrying flags in protest.
The streets were crowded with people holding flags and marching in protest.
On the streets of people carrying flags in the protests.
There are many people holding flags in the streets in protest.
A crowd of people in the street are holding flags in protest.
We can see a ceiling.
Under the ceiling is a mess.
We can see a sofa under the ceiling.
There are concrete blocks on the floor.
There are concrete blocks under the ceiling.
Many people wait for runners at the end of the run.
A lot of people are waiting for runners at the end of the run.
Lots of people are waiting for runners at the end of the run.
In the end of the run, there is a blue and white arch.
The end of the run, there is a blue and white arch.
There are some cars around the party.
The party is around a white wall.
The party is on the blue floor.
It is sunny at the party.
There are some trees around the party.
A tree fall down on the wasteland.
There is a river in the wasteland.
We can see many unsurfaced road in the wasteland.
Some people stand around the tree which fall down on the land.
Light reflect from the water in the river.
There is a yellow farmland.
On the farmland are three tractors.
The tractors are red.
The tractors use red ploughs.
Three red tractors plough on the farmland.
Floods swept the entire village. The bottom of the house was soaked in floodwater.
The flood swept through the whole village. The bottom of the house was submerged in flood water.
At the bottom of the house to immerse in the flood.
The flood swept the whole village. The bottom of the house was submerged in the flood.
Floods swept through the entire village. The bottom of the house was submerged in floodwater.
The mountain is covered with green trees and yellow plants.
We can see an unsurfaced road on the mountain.
The cloud in the sky is pink.
The cloud in the sky looks pink.
There is no car on the road.
There is a beach.
There are many blue parasols and chairs on the beach.
Many people relax on the beach.
Near the beach is a highway.
Behind the highway are buildings.
People are repairing roads destroyed by landslides.
The people are repairing the road destroyed by the landslide.
People repair roads destroyed by landslides.
They are repairing roads destroyed by landslides.
People was destroyed by a landslide for road repair.
Floods covered roads. Plants on the roadside are soaked in the flood water.
The flood covered the road. The plants along the road were soaked in flood water.
Flooding the roads. The plants along the road were soaked in flood water.
Plants along the road were soaked in floodwaters. Flooding the roads.
Floods flooded the road. Plants along the road were soaked in the flood water.
There are many trees near where they row the boat.
Some people were walking and watching them row the boats.
The weather for their boating was very nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extraordinary difficult.
The water on which they rowed the boat was extraordinary calm.
This is a large baseball area.
A number of people play baseball at morning.
No one watched them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball area.
There is a large grass area on the baseball area.
There is a basketball court.
The floor is too dusty.
We can see two white chairs after the basketball court.
There are some trees.
It is daytime.
There is a overpass over a crossing.
We can see many police cars on the over pass.
Some police cars are white.
Some police cars are black.
Some police cars are white-and-black.
One man ran into the lake, and there was a hillside beside it.
There was a man running into the lake, and there was a hillside beside him.
A man ran to the lake, and there was a hillside beside it.
There is a shoal in the lake.
Someone ran into the lake. There was a shoal in the lake.
The party is on the sea.
The water in the party looks blue.
There is a ship in the party.
It is sunny at the party.
Some people are shirtless in the party.
Here are four basketball courts grouped together.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
Three of the basketball courts were filled with people playing basketball.
There are a lot of people watching them play basketball.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
This is a large baseball area.
In the morning, some people play baseball on the baseball court.
many people are watching them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball area.
There is a large grass area on the baseball area.
Some people were walking and watching them row the boats.
The weather for their boating was extraordinary nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extraordinary difficult.
The water on which they rowed the boat was extraordinary calm.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Some people are swimming in the sea.
Someone is swimming in the sea.
There are people swimming in the sea.
Someone is swimming in the sea.
There are people swimming in the sea.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
They ride their cycle prompt and slow.
Several people are running on the road of the running competition, and many cars are parked nearby.
There are several people running on the road of the running competition, and there are many cars parked nearby.
A few people are running on the road of the running competition, and many cars are parked nearby.
Some people are running on the section of the running competition, and many cars are parked nearby.
Several people are running on the road of the running competition, and there are green grass and telephone poles nearby.
There is a white car.
The white car is on a concrete floor.
We can see a ladder on the white car.
Some part of the white car is broken.
The head of the white car is broken.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are a number of roads around the concert venue.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The weather was also awfully nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
Here are two agricultural vehicles driving through the harvested fields.
Two farm vehicles were driving through the harvest fields.
Here are two agricultural vehicles driving in the fields of the harvest.
Two agricultural vehicles running in the harvest in the field.
There are two agricultural vehicles driving in the field with a good harvest.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
The constructing required a very large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
This is a tremendous baseball area.
Some people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
There is a beach.
We can see chairs with different colors.
We can see black stones on the beach.
Some person sit on chairs.
It is daytime.
We can see a blue tractor on the farmland.
The blue tractor is equipped with a red plough.
The unploughed fields look white.
The ploughed fields look black.
The blue tractor plough at the daytime.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
There is a white building.
Some part of the building fall down on the land.
We can see bricks on the land.
There are debris of the building on the land.
Some part of the walls are off the paint.
There are some buildings.
We can see roofs of the buildings.
A roof is broken.
One part of a roof is missing.
One part of a roof falls down.
The party happen on the water.
Some people in the party swim in the water.
Some people in the party relax on yachts.
There are eight yachts in the party.
It is a sunny day when the party happen.
One mother is running on the road with four children.
There is a mother with four children running on the road.
Mother is running on the road with four children.
Running ground, there is a white car nearby.
A white car is near the running ground.
There is a man swimming in the sea.
There is a man take a swim  in the sea.
This is a man who swims in the sea.
It's a man who swims in the sea.
Here is a man who swims in the sea.
We can see yellow plants on the farmland.
There is a green tractor.
The green tractor equip up a red plough.
The green tractor plough on the farmland.
Part of the farmland is ploughed.
A landslide in the distance has sent mud and plants rolling down and flooding the villages below.
A landslide in the distance has sent mud and plants tumbling down and flooding the villages below.
In the distance, a landslide caused soil and plants to roll down and flood the village below.
A landslide in the distance sent mud and plants tumbling down and threatened to flood the villages below.
The landslides happened cause soil and plants dropped the submerged mountain village.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
There is a tractor working on the farmland.
We can see white plants on unploughed lands.
The ploughed land is covered by soil.
The tractor plough on the land.
The tractor plough at daytime.
There is a highway near the parking.
We can see a police car on the highway.
We can see some part of a car in front of the police car.
In front of the police car is a car.
The police car run after a car.
There is a parking.
There are many cars on the land.
There are many cars in the parking.
There are many cars parked in the parking.
The cars are parked in lines.
Yellow harvesters cut the crops in the field and carry them to a truck next to them.
The yellow harvester picks up the crops in the field and carries them to the truck next to it.
Yellow harvesters harvest the crops in the fields and transport them to nearby trucks.
The yellow harvester will be next to the harvest of the field to the van.
Yellow harvester will be next to the harvest of the field to the van.
There is a farmland.
We can see a blue tractor on the land.
The land on the left of the blue tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the right of the blue tractor has been ploughed.
The land has been ploughed looks wetter than the unploughed one.
The fire engine on the road was putting out the house which had caught fire overnight.
Fire engines on the road were putting out the house that had caught fire overnight.
The fire engine on the road is putting out the fire in the house which broke out in the night.
Fire engines on the road were putting out a fire at a house that had caught fire overnight.
Path of the fire in the house is a fire extinguishing for the night.
There is an unsurfaced road.
The road is covered by soil.
We can see a person on the road.
On sides of the road are grasslands.
We can see trees far away.
There are many trees near the football field.
Many trees are near the football field.
A lot of trees are near the football field.
The ground of the football field is green.
There are two people on the football field.
Several people are running on the road, and there are green meadows on both sides of the road.
A few people are running on the road, and there are green meadows on both sides of the road.
Several people are running on the road, with green grass on both sides of the road.
Some people were running on the road, and some cars stopped by the road nearby.
There were several people running on the road, and several cars stopped by the road nearby.
They race cars on the road.
Their race cars are colorful.
There are a lot of trees near the road where they are racing.
Their cars are professionally modified.
The cars they race are very prompt.
There is a river.
On sides of the river are trees.
There are dark clouds in the sky.
The water in the river looks black.
We can see white waves in the water.
There is a basketball court and four tennis courts.
On the right of tennis courts is a road.
On the left of basketball court are spectator seats of a track-and-field ground.
There are some cars on the road.
There are some light around the  tennis courts.
Here are a few people performing religious activity.
There are a lot of people around to watch religious program.
Here are some people performing a religious activity in a vacant lot.
There is water on the ground where religious activity is performed.
Here are some people who are shirtless and performing religious activity.
On side of the road are many trees.
A white car run on the road.
On the left of the road is a building with brown roof.
There is only one car on the road.
The car on the road is under the shade of a tree.
People put a large idol on a truck to attend a religious activity.
Many people hold religious activity near the dome at night.
People light a lot of candles at religious activity.
There are cylindrical buildings where religious activities are held.
The place where the religious activity is held has many candles.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
A number of buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
On the day of religious activities, people wear colorful clothes.
People dance to celebrate the day when religious activities are held.
On religious day, most people are black.
Most people wear headscarves.
People gathered in the square.
There a football court.
We can see a lamp on the football court.
There is a shade of lamp on the floor of football court.
The floor is green and red in the football court.
There are white marks on the floor of football court.
There are some red and white chairs at the party.
Some people in the party sit on chairs.
The party take place on daytime.
There are some cups on the table at the party.
The roof of building is white at the party.
These people ride cycle on the road in the desert.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
There are many car s in the party.
There are some grass in the party.
There are some trees in the party.
Some people in the party is shirtless.
Some people in the party hold a bottle on their hand.
There was a traffic accident on the road and a car was hit by the side of the road.
An accident happened on the road, and a car was hit by the roadside.
A traffic accident happened on the road, and a car was hit by the side of the road.
A traffic accident happened on one side of the road, and the car on the other side was running normally.
One side of the road had a traffic accident, and the other side of the road was running normally.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
Far away in the field a harvester was reaping the crops.
In the distance of the field a harvester was harvesting crops.
Far away in the field a harvester was harvesting crops.
In the distance a harvester at harvest the crops in the field.
A harvester is harvesting crops in the distance in the field.
A serious traffic accident happened on the road under the overpass.
The road under the overpass had a serious traffic accident.
An accident happened on the road under the overpass.
There was a serious traffic accident on the road under the overpass.
The road under the overpass had a serious traffic accident.
We can see four police cars on the road.
Someone stand on the road.
A silver car parked on one side of the highway.
Doors of the silver car are open.
There is a red car near the silver car.
There is a T-like road.
Many people walk on the road.
There are some parasols on sides of the road.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There is a white parasol at the bottom of the photo.
There are yellow and green plants on the land.
There are yellow and green plants on the land.
There are yellow and green plants on the land.
There is no person on the land.
There is no activity on the land.
Many cars crowded together at the intersection, and there was a traffic jam.
At the intersection, there were many cars crowded together, and there was a traffic jam.
Traffic jam happened at the intersection, and there were many trees beside the road.
A traffic jam happened at the intersection, and there were many trees beside the road.
The traffic jam happened at the intersection, and there were many trees beside the road.
Near the complete building is a broken building.
The broken building fall down on the land.
The broken building fall down on the grassland.
We can see the roof part of the broken building.
The building is packed in to one layer.
The lights on the concert venue are very bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
There is a river next to the religious place.
There is a bridge next to the place where religious activities are held.
Many people gathered by the river for religious activities.
There are yellow buildings where religious activities are held.
Many people gathered by the river for religious activities.
A lot of people in the street are holding signs in protest.
There are many people holding signs in the street marching in protest.
On the street, many people are holding signs in protest.
Many people in the streets are marching with signs.
On the streets of many carried signs in protest.
People dressed in colorful clothes gathered in the square.
On the day of religious activities,People do business in the square.
In the evening, people gather in the square for religious activities.
On the day of religious activities,Most of the things people sell in the square are fruits.
There are children old people and middle-aged people in the square.
Lots of people run on the road, with green lawns and crops beside them.
There are many people running on the road, with green lawns and crops beside them.
Many people run on the road, with green lawns and crops beside them.
Many people are running on the road and there are mountains in the distance.
A lot of people run on the road, and there are mountains in the distance.
This is a large baseball area.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
Some people enjoy baseball at morning.
There are many trees around the baseball field.
There is a large grass ground on the baseball ground.
This is a awfully tremendous baseball field.
A number of people play baseball at morning.
many people are watching them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball area.
There is a large grass area on the baseball field.
We can see the sea.
There are five similar animals in the water.
We can see five similar animals in the water.
It is daytime.
We can see waves in the water.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
Lots of cars parked there on the shore of the boat race.
No one watched them row the boat.
On the highway are three police cars and a white car.
We can see gumballs on the police cars.
One person stand near the white car.
One person raise his hands up.
The door of a police car is open.
There was a traffic jam on the rainy highway.
A traffic jam happened on the rainy highway.
Traffic jam happened on the rainy highway.
The traffic jam happened on the rainy highway.
There was a traffic jam on the highway in the rainy mountain area.
The firemen were using water cannons to put out the burning house at night.
Firemen used water cannons to put out the fire in the house at night.
The firemen were using water cannons to put out the fire in the house at night.
Fire broke out in the night firefighters in with water cannon for house fire.
Firefighters use high-pressure water cannons to put out a house fire at night.
We can see trees near the farmland.
There is a tractor on the farmland.
The land on the right of the green tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the left of the green tractor has been ploughed.
The tractor plough at daytime.
A pair of white cars and a black car were clearly washed away by the floodwaters.
The flood drove a white car towards a black car.
Floods in two cars collided.
A couple of white cars and a black car were clearly washed away by the floodwaters.
The flood caused a collision between two cars.
A number of people play basketball at night.
This is a solid wood basketball court.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
No one watched them play basketball.
These guys are looking at the basket.
Some people are playing football on the football field, and there are many spectators watching the game.
There are people playing football on the football field, and there are many spectators watching the game.
Somebody is playing football on the football field, and there are many spectators watching the game around.
Someone is playing football on the football field, and there are many spectators watching the game around.
There are people playing football on the football field, and there are many spectators watching the game.
Harvester getting in the crops once more dust in the fields.
The harvester reaped the crops in the dusty fields.
Harvesters cut crops in dusty fields.
The harvester reaped the crops in a dusty field.
Harvesters harvest crops in dusty fields.
We can see two cars.
It is at night.
We can see red and blue lights on one car.
The car with red and blue lights is a police car.
The police car run after another car.
Mudslides came fervently down the mountain and destroyed some houses.
The mudslide came down the mountain and destroyed some houses.
The landslide came down the mountain and destroyed some houses.
Mudslides fierce flow down from the mountain, also destroyed homes.
The mudslide ran down the mountain fiercely and destroyed some houses.
The mudslide destroyed the underside of the bridge, exposing much of the concrete and steel.
The mudslide destroyed the underside of the bridge, exposing a lot of steel and cement.
Debris flows destroyed the underside of the bridge, exposing a lot of reinforced concrete.
A mudslide destroyed the underside of the bridge, exposing a lot of reinforced concrete.
Mudslides destroyed the bridge below, many of reinforced concrete exposed out.
A fire broke out in a building in the busy city at night, sending up a cloud of flames and smoke.
At night, a fire broke out in a building in a busy city, emitting flames and thick smoke.
A fire broke out in a building in the busy city at night, creating a cloud of flames and smoke.
Night busy cities are building that a fire broke out, the sky of fire and smoke.
A fire broke out in a building in the bustling city at night, creating a sky of fire and smoke.
Children are playing football on the football field, parents are watching outside, and coaches are guiding inside.
Some children are playing football on the football field, parents are watching outside, and coaches are guiding inside.
There are children playing football on the football field, parents watching outside, and coaches guiding inside.
There are many children playing football on the grass.
Many children are playing football on the grass.
This is a wide professional basketball court.
A number of people enjoy basketball at night.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
Many people are watching them play baseball.
There are several posters next to the wall on the basketball court.
The constructing required a very large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
People in the conflict put up signs in protest.
During the conflict, some activists will burn flags and other items to express protest.
There is a building.
We can only see parts of the building.
Some bricks of the building are out of place.
The building is broken.
Parts of the building fall down.
A person is running in the mountains, with withered lawns beside him.
One is running in the mountains, with withered lawns beside him.
A man is running in the mountains, with withered trees beside him.
A person is running in the mountains with withered trees beside him.
One was running in the mountains, with withered trees beside him.
We can see bricks on the land.
There are some buildings.
The buildings are broken.
Some walls of the building are missing.
Some buildings' roofs are missing.
Three people are swimming in the river.
There are three people swimming in the river.
Three people are swimming in the river
A trio of people are swimming in the river.
There are three people swimming in the green river to grab single ball.
Yellow mud flows through the small river.
A yellow mudslide flows through a small river.
Yellow mudslides flowed through the small river.
The yellow debris flow flows through the river.
Yellow mud from the river flows through.
Landslide caused the mountain to shift and the road was cut in two.
Landslid caused the mountain to shift and the road was cut in two.
The landslide caused the mountain to shift and the highway to break in two.
The landslide caused the mountain offset highway to break in two.
Landslides that offsets the road breaks into two.
There are people swimming in the sea and ships at sea.
People are swimming in the sea, and there are ships at sea.
Some people are swimming in the sea, and there are ships at sea.
There are people swimming in the sea, and there are ships at sea.
There are people swimming in the sea and ships at sea.
Traffic on one side of the road was crowded, and the land near the road was yellow.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road, and the land near the road was yellow.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road, and there was an overpass on the road.
The traffic on one side of the road was crowded, and the land near the road was yellow.
A traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and the land near the road was yellow.
This is a big basketball court.
A number of people play basketball at afternoon.
some people are watching them enjoy basketball.
No one watched them play basketball.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
He rides his cycle on a road just the width of a brick.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
There are many people doing cycle races on the ring road.
The man is riding a cycle on a very narrow road.
The collapse of the upper body caused many trees and white stones to fall.
Upper body collapse caused many trees and white stones to fall.
A lot of trees and white stones fell due to the collapse of the upper body.
Many trees and white stones fell due to the collapse of the upper body.
The collapse of the upper body resulted in the fall of many trees and white stones.
A lot of people are running on the road, and a lot of people are watching by the roadside.
There are many people running on the road, and there are many people watching on the roadside.
Lots of people are running on the road, and there are many people on the roadside watching.
Many people are watching on the roadside.
Many people are running on the road, and there are withered lawns beside the road.
Many people gathered at the place where the religious service was held.
On the day of religious activities, there were two sedan chairs among the people gathered.
Most of the people gathered were black.
On the day of religious activities, most of the people gathered wear black clothes.
On religious day, people gather during the day.
There is a man with a green hat swimming in the water.
A man with a green hat is swimming in the water.
The man with a green hat is swimming in the water.
A man with a green hat is swimming in the water.
Someone with a green hat is swimming in the water.
There is a farmland.
We can not see a plant on the farmland.
There is a red tractor.
The red tractor work on the farmland with a red plough.
We can see tyre marks on the unploughed field.
Many people run on the road, and there is a green lawn beside it.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there is a green lawn beside the road.
There are many people running on the road, and there are green lawns on the roadside.
Several houses are near the running section.
A few houses are near the running section.
Here are a number of tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
There is a fork on the road.
There are three cars on the road.
Two white-and-black cars are police cars.
There is a white car.
Two police cars run after a white car.
There are many police cars.
The police cars are black.
The police cars look black.
Some policemen gather together.
There is a white car parked near police cars.
On the day of religious activities, the Buddha led the way in front of the car.
The blue skin Buddha led the way in front of the car.
The blue skin Buddha statue is held in the front of the car during the day.
On the day of religious activities, it is held on the main road during the day.
The blue skin Buddha is leading the way in the front of the car, and the people next to him are wearing orange clothes.
Harvesters harvest crops in golden fields. While transporting crops to the truck next to it.
In the golden fields the harvester reaped the crops. While delivering crops to a nearby truck.
Harvesters are harvesting crops in the golden field. While delivering the crops to the truck next to it.
In the golden fields, harvesters gather their crops. While delivering crops to a nearby truck.
Harvesters cut in the golden fields. Next to convey the crops to the truck.
On side of the road are farmlands.
There are some buildings near the farmlands.
The farmlands is green.
The farmlands look green.
Roofs of buildings are blue and red.
A fire broke out on the prairie, sending up a cloud of black smoke. Fire trucks were putting it out on the road.
There's a fire on the prairie that's sending up black smoke, and fire trucks on the road.
A fire broke out in the grassland, sending black smoke all over the sky. Fire engines on the road were fighting the fire.
A fire broke out on the grassland, sending up a cloud of black smoke. Fire trucks were putting it out on the road.
Grassland fires happened all over the sky of black smoke. The fire truck in the fire on the road.
There is a road.
A white car sun on the road.
Two cars are parked on the right of the road.
Trees are placed on sides of the road.
There are two yellow straight lines on the road.
Their race cars are colorful.
There are a lot of trees near the road where they are racing.
Their cars are professionally modified.
The cars they race are extremely speedy.
They are all alone driving these cars.
There are many black children.
The black children stand on grassland.
On grassland are black children.
Black children smile in the photo.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a extraordinary tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Through days of difficult work by workers, the construction has taken on its basic shape.
The harvester harvested the green crops and put them in the back pocket.
A harvester picked up the green crop and put it in the back pocket.
The harvester harvested the green crop and put it in the back pocket.
Harvesters in the green crops on the back of the car.
The harvester reaped the green crop and put it in the back pocket.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
The weather for their boating was very nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extraordinary difficult.
The water on which they rowed the boat was extraordinary calm.
This is a immense open-air concert on the beach.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
The weather was also very nice when they were watching the concert.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
Here are a number of cars parked here to race.
They race cars at night.
They race cars on the road.
Their race cars are colorful.
Sparks appeared on the rear wheels of their race cars.
Traffic jam happened on the highway in the bright night.
On a brightly lit night, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
In a brightly lit night, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
A traffic jam occurred on the highway in a brightly lit night.
Traffic jam happened on the highway in the bright night.
There are three paths in the mountain full of green trees.
The mountains covered with green trees have three paths.
Three paths lie in the mountains full of green trees.
In a mountain full of green trees, there are three paths.
There are three paths in a mountain full of green trees.
There is a green tractor on the farmland.
We can see grass on the unploughed land.
Half of the farmland has been ploughed.
The land on the bottom part of the photo has been ploughed.
The land on the upper part of the photo need to be ploughed.
There are many people running on the path beside the river.
Many people are running on the path beside the river.
A lot of people are running on the path beside the river.
On the path beside the river, there are many people running.
Many people run on the trail, there are many trees nearby, and there are houses in the city in the distance.
There were a lot of people gathered to watch the religious activities.
Many religious believers wear white to attend religious services.
Many people gathered for religious activities.
On this day of religious activities, many believers wear white clothes and pray.
There were a lot of people gathered to watch the religious activities.
A small blue van delivers grain to a large yellow one.
The blue pickup truck delivers the grain to a large yellow van.
A blue van transports grain to a yellow van.
The blue van carried the grain to a big yellow van.
Blue van give a yellow food delivery trucks.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The fierce water flooded the road and the vehicles on it.
Many vehicles on the road were inundated by the ferocious flooding.
The road and the vehicles on it were submerged by the fierce flood.
Many colorful cars were flooded on the road.
The ferocious flood flooded roads and road vehicles.
The landslide caused the plants on the mountain to fall and the Bridges on the mountain to be damaged.
Mountain landslide caused the plants on the mountain to fall off and the bridges on the mountain to be damaged.
The landslide caused the plants on the mountain to fall and the bridge on the mountain to be damaged.
The landslide of the mountain led to the fall of plants on the mountain and damage to Bridges on the mountain.
Mountain landslides, leading to the mountain plants, the mountain of bridge damage.
In the night, there are many people running on the road, and street lamps are installed beside the road.
There are many people running on the road at night, and street lamps are installed beside the road.
Many people run on the road at night, and street lamps are installed beside the road.
Many people run on the road and pass the sidewalk at night.
There are many people running on the road and passing the sidewalk at night.
There are two mountains.
We can see a tree on the upper of one mountain.
The mountains are made of stones.
There are many plants on mountains.
We can see fogs around mountains.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
There is a man swimming in the water.
Some people are swimming in the sea, and the sea is calm.
Someone is swimming in the water.
There are people swimming in the sea, and the sea is calm.
People are swimming in the sea, and the sea is calm.
There is a highway.
We can see mountains far away.
Around the highway are farmlands.
It is a cloudy day.
We can see a few of buildings on the land.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
There were some people watching them row the boat.
These people are rowing the boat extraordinary hard.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
No one watched them play basketball.
This is a rubber basketball court.
This is a immense basketball court.
Some people play basketball at afternoon.
Many people are rowing in the water.
A lot of people are rowing in the water.
There are many people rowing in the water.
There are people swimming in the water.
Some people are swimming in the water.
All people in the party gather together.
It is night when the party take place.
There is a big luminous object in the center of party.
The party take place on a beach.
People in the party gather in a circle.
There was a traffic jam on the road, and there was wasteland beside the road.
There was a traffic jam on the road in the wasteland.
Traffic jam happened on the road, and there was wasteland beside the road.
Traffic jam happened on the road in the wasteland.
The traffic jam happened on the road, and there was wasteland beside the road.
Firefighters put out brown houses on the roof in winter.
The firemen put out the brown house on the roof in winter.
In winter firefighters put out brown houses on rooftops.
Firefighters for the brown house on the roof of their building fire in winter.
Firefighters put out the brown house on the roof in winter.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
A large number of people gathered and conflicted.
In this conflict, some people will smash cars.
People rush to a special place in this conflict.
An iron fence is outside the football field.
Outside the football field there is an iron fence.
There is an iron fence outside the football field.
At night, there are many people playing football on the football field.
There are many people playing football on the football field in the evening.
A lot of people take part in running on the road. There are many trees beside the road.
Lots of people take part in running on the road. There are many trees beside the road.
There are many people running on the road, and there are many trees beside the road.
Lots of people take part in running on the road, and there are fields beside the road.
There are many people running on the road, and there are fields beside the road.
There are many cars on the overpass and many trees not far away.
Many cars are on the overpass, and there are many trees not far away.
On the overpass, there are many cars and trees not far away.
A lot of cars are on the overpass, and there are many trees not far away.
There are many cars on the overpass and many trees not far away.
We can see a white-and-black police car.
We can see a white car.
There is a person lying on the land near the white car.
Two policemen aim at the man lying on the land.
The police car is No.37.
Traffic jams occurred on many highways during the day.
There were traffic jams on many roads in the suburbs during the day.
During the day, traffic jams occurred on many roads in the suburbs.
In the daytime, traffic jams occurred on many roads in the suburbs.
The traffic jam happened on many roads in the suburbs during the day.
The green harvester is harvesting the crops. Dust rose in his path.
Green harvester at harvest the crops. Dust rose in his path.
A green harvester is harvesting crops. There was dust everywhere.
Green harvester at harvest the crops. The place once more dust.
A green harvester harvests crops. Dust swirled everywhere.
The runners are running on the road, and there are crops on both sides of the road.
Runner runs on the road with crops on both sides.
Runners are running on the road. There are wires on both sides of the road and mountains in the distance.
The runners are running on the road. There are wires on both sides of the road and mountains in the distance.
A runner runs on the road. There are wires on both sides of the road and mountains in the distance.
There are two professional basketball courts indoors.
There were a lot of people sitting around the middle of the court watching them play basketball.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
Some people are learning how to play basketball.
This basketball court is extraordinary lively.
Firemen use water pistols to extinguish a burning house in the forest, which is still producing white smoke.
Firemen are using water cannons to extinguish a burning house in the forest, which is still producing white smoke.
Firefighters in nozzle is put out a fire in the forest at the hands of the house.
Firefighters use water cannons to put out a house in the forest that is still burning white smoke.
Firefighters use water cannons to extinguish a house in the forest, which is still producing white smoke.
This is a basketball court with solid wood floors.
No one watched them play basketball.
Three people play basketball on the floor.
This is a tremendous basketball court.
They were playing basketball in cool short sleeves.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
People in the conflict put up signs in protest.
During the conflict, some activists will burn flags and other items to express protest.
There are a lot of conflict going on here.
There are so many people in conflict here.
There are many trees around the baseball area.
Some people play baseball at morning.
many people are watching them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
An excavator clears a road flooded by a mudslide.
The excavator is cleaning the road flooded by debris flow.
One excavator is cleaning the road flooded by debris flow.
An excavator clears a road flooded by mudslides.
A digger in cleaning up by mudslides flooded roads.
A man in white is running in the track and field. The track of the track and field is red.
The man in white is running in the track and field. The track of the track and field is red.
There is a man in white running in the track and field. The track of the track and field is red.
One man in white is running in the track and field. The track of the track and field is red.
A man in white is running in the track and field, which is divided into many runways by white lines.
The harvester leaves the light on to harvest crops in the field at night.
In the evening, the harvester turns on the light to harvest crops in the field.
A harvester leaves the lights on to harvest crops in the field at night.
Harvesters harvest crops in the fields at night with the lights on.
At night the harvester cuts in the fields with the lights on.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
There are two huge vans next to this concert venue.
There are several black people playing football in the open space.
Several black people are playing football in the open space.
The football field is surrounded by a fence.
A fence is near the football field.
There is a fence near the football field.
There were traffic jams on many highways in the forest.
Where there are forests, traffic jams happen on many highways
Traffic jams occurred on many highways in the forest.
In the forest, traffic jams occurred on many highways.
A traffic jam occurred on many highways in the forest area.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a extraordinary large number of people working together to complete it.
It is night when people take party.
There are many light in the party.
There is a swimming pool in the party.
There are some white tables in the party.
No person swim in the swimming pool at the party.
On the day of religious activities, there are several policemen in the gathering place.
There were several policemen in yellow at the place where the religious activities was held.
The place where religious activities are held is divided into two floors.
There are many religious believers in the places where religious activities are held.
The police are at the bottom of the gathering place.
We can see a building with red roof on the water at the bottom of the photo.
There is a bridge connect the building with red roof with land.
Some people stand on the bridge.
The buildings are placed on sides of the bridge on the water.
Many buildings are built after the beach.
Green harvesters in the fields are harvesting food and carrying it to trucks.
Fields of green harvester in grain harvest, and the food to the van.
Green harvesters in the fields are harvesting grain and transporting it to trucks.
This green harvester in the field is harvesting the grain and sending it to the truck.
Green harvesters in the fields harvest the grain and carry it into trucks.
One is running on the road in red.
There is a man running on the road in red.
A man is running in red on the road.
Many people watch a man running on the road in red clothes by the roadside.
Lots of people watch a man running on the road in red.
On the road, there are wrecks of traffic accidents, and traffic police are standing beside them.
Traffic was normal on one side of the road, and a traffic accident happened on the other side.
There was normal traffic on one side of the road, and a traffic accident happened on the other side.
Around the road there are many trees.
On one side of the road, the traffic was normal, and there was a traffic accident on the other side.
The weather for their boating was very nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extremely arduous.
The water on which they rowed the boat was extremely calm.
There was a large prairie on the shore where they rowed their boats.
There are many trees near where they row the boat.
We can see trees on sides of highway.
There are many cars on the highway.
We can see a police car on the road.
There is a police car on the road.
There is a police car on the highway.
There was a traffic jam on the road, and many cars were trapped on the road.
Traffic jam happened on the road, and many cars were trapped on the road.
A traffic jam happened on the road, and many cars were trapped on the road.
There was a traffic jam on the road, and many cars were trapped on the road.
The traffic jam happened on the road, and many cars were trapped on the road.
The landslide caused the house to collapse.
Landslides caused houses to collapse.
A landslide caused the house to collapse.
The landslide caused houses to collapse.
Damaged houses collapsed.
The fierce mud-rock flows down the tree-covered hills.
Fierce mudslides were rushing down the hills full of trees.
Fierce mudslides were rushing down the mountain covered with green trees.
Fierce mudslides were rushing down the mountain full of trees.
Fierce mudslides in is full of green trees, the mountains.
The village was swept away by the flood. Many houses were submerged in water.
Many trees were soaked in the flood. Many houses are submerged in water.
The village was flood swept. Many houses were soaked in the water.
Many trees were soaked in flood water. Many houses are submerged in water.
Many houses and trees were submerged in water.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
Lots of cars parked there on the shore of the boat race.
The weather for their boating was extremely nice and sunny.
There is a basketball court.
The floor of the basketball court is blue and white.
There are some white marks on the floor.
There are some trees around the basketball court.
We can see shade of trees on the floor.
There is a farmland.
There is a blue tractor on the farmland.
We can see a plough connected to the tractor.
The blue tractor plough on the farmland.
The blue tractor plough at daytime.
Most crops on the farmland is yellow and others looks white.
We can see green trees far away.
There is no one on the farmland.
There is no one on the farmland.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There are many trees.
There are many people.
We can see many people gather together.
There is a lamp.
There is a white building.
There is a lake.
We can see four yachts on the water.
There are many people on the yachts.
On the yachts are many people.
Many woman wear bikini on the yachts.
On the day of religious activities, many people gathered on the main road during the day.
On the day of religious activities, many people gathered on the main road during the day.
Many people gathered on the main road during the day, and women wore headscarves.
Many people gathered on the main road during the day, gathered at several stalls.
Many people gathered in several stalls on the main road with rising water during the day.
There are many people marching in protest on the sidewalk beside the highway.
On the sidewalks beside the highway many people were marching in protest.
Many people were marching in protest on the sidewalk beside the highway.
On the sidewalk beside the highway, many people were marching in protest.
The road pavement many people in the protests.
The flood changed the highway into a river.
The flood turned the road into a river.
Floods have turned roads into rivers.
The flood transformed the highway into a river.
The flood turned the road into a river.
It is a dusky sky on the top half of the photo.
We can see a highway bridge.
There are many cars on the highway.
On sides of the highway are trees.
We can see three houses in the surrounding of trees at the bottom of the photo.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
The constructing required a very large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
The construction has been substantially completed and the top is almost complete.
The landslide caused a lot of dirt, rocks and plants to tumble onto the road.
Landslides caused many dirt, stones and plants to tumble onto the highway.
The landslide caused a lot of dirt, rocks and plants to roll onto the road.
Many dirt, stones and plants rolled down the road due to the landslide.
The landslide caused many mud rocks and plants tumble to the highway.
There was a house fire in a field in the fall, and the firemen were trying to put it out.
Have a house that a fire broke out in the field of autumn produced all over the sky white smoke.
There was a house fire in a field in the fall, and the firemen were trying to put it out.
A house fire broke out in an autumn field, and the firemen were trying their best to put it out.
There was a house fire in an autumn field, and the firefighters were working hard to put out the fire.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
People would dance to the rhythm of the concert.
The people at this concert were awfully delighted and extremely relaxed.
The atmosphere of this concert is very cheerful, singing and dancing.
On the day of religious activities, many women gathered.
On the day of religious activities, many women with headscarves gathered.
On the day of religious activities, many women with headscarves gathered to exchange fruits.
On the day of religious activities, people of all colors gather.
All the people gathered wear long sleeves to attend a religious service.
They ride their cycle on very wide roads.
Every one of them was awfully speedy on their modified cycle.
The rhythm of their bicycles is very regular.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The mountain collapse destroyed the highway, and some of the soil in the mountain fell off.
The mountain collapse destroyed the highway, and also caused some soil of the mountain to fall off.
Mountain collapse destroyed the road, and also caused some of the soil in the mountain to fall off.
The collapse of the mountain destroyed the highway, and also caused some soil of the mountain to fall off.
The collapse of the mountain destroyed the road and also removed some of the soil from the mountain.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
In the late afternoon, the yellow harvest in the fields produced a lot of dust.
The yellow harvest in the fields in the evening produced a lot of dust.
In the fields in the evening the yellow harvest produced a great deal of dust.
A yellow harvest in a field produces a lot of dust.
In the evening the fields yellow finished harvesting the crops to produce a large amount of dust.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The lights on the concert venue are very bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
Many people are running on the road.
A lot of people are running on the road.
Cars and buildings are near the road where the running race is held.
The road where the running race is held has cars and buildings nearby.
There are green lawns and trees near the road where the running competition is held.
There are many people swimming in the sea, and there are mountains not far away.
Many people swim in the sea and there are mountains not far away.
A lot of people swim in the sea and there are mountains not far away.
There are many people swimming in the sea and there are mountains not far away.
Many people swim in the sea and there are mountains not far away.
Many people gathered for a religious activity.
There are many buildings where religious activities are held.
Many people gather for religious activities.
There are many houses where religious activities are held.
There are many bungalows where religious activities are held.
Three people are playing football on the football field, and there are many trees outside.
With three people playing football on the football field, there are many trees outside.
A few people are playing football on the football field, and there are many trees outside.
There are three people playing football on the football field, which is surrounded by iron fences.
A football field is surrounded by iron fences, with three people playing football.
Landslides caused landslides, and many plants were washed away.
The landslide caused the landslide, and many plants were washed away.
Landslid caused landslides, and many plants were washed away.
The landslide caused a landslide that washed away many plants.
Landslides caused landslides and many plants were washed away.
There is a crossing which links eight highways .
In the center of the crossing is a circular field for pedestrian.
There is a parking between two highways.
The parking is triangular.
There are some triangular buildings between highways.
Someone is swimming on the edge of the island, and a few people are standing on the island.
There are people swimming on the edge of the island, and there are several people standing on the island.
A man is swimming on the edge of the island, and a few people are standing on the island.
There are people swimming on the edge of the island, and there are several people standing on the island.
Someone is swimming on the edge of the island, and a few people are standing on the island.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The weather was very nice when they raced their cycle.
The mudslide covered most of the road, and many vehicles were crammed into one road.
The mudslide covered most of the road, leaving many vehicles crammed into a single road.
Mudslide covered most of the roads, many cars can only be packed in a way.
The debris flow covers most of the roads, and many vehicles can only be crowded on one road.
Debris flows cover most of the roads, and many vehicles can only squeeze on one road.
There are some bricks on the land.
We can see a hole on a wall of the building.
We can see a hole on the second floor of the building.
There is a crack in the building.
Some parts of the building fall into pieces.
The mud-rock flows down the mountain with ferocity.
A mudslide ran down the mountain fiercely.
The mudslide came down the mountain with ferocity.
The torrent of mud flowed violently down the mountain.
Debris flow fierce flow down from the mountain.
There is a basketball court.
Buildings around the basketball court have yellow roof.
The ground in the basketball court has yellow bricks and white marks.
There is no person on the basketball court.
The photo is taken at daytime.
This is a huge basketball court.
In the morning, some people enjoy basketball on the basketball court.
Road next to basketball court.
No one watched them play basketball.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
The debris swept many vehicles and trees everywhere, and the vehicles were still submerged in the mud.
Debris flow washed many vehicles and trees everywhere, and vehicles were soaked in the debris flow.
The mudslide swept many vehicles and trees everywhere, and the vehicles were still immersed in the debris.
The mudslide swept many vehicles and trees everywhere, and vehicles were still immersed in the mudslide.
Debris flow will be many cars and the tree is everywhere, cars also soak in the debris flow.
There is a building on the beach and water.
Many people relax on beach with umbrellas and footcloth.
Some people stand on the wet part of the beach.
There are not many clouds in the sky.
Some people have fun in the water.
Some people are swimming in the water, and the water is calm.
Someone is swimming in the water, and the water is calm.
There are people swimming in the water, and the water is calm.
People are swimming in the water, and the water is calm.
There are people swimming in the water, and the water is calm.
Raging floodwaters beside the roads and plants.
The fast-flowing water covered the road and the plants beside it.
Rapid floodwaters inundated the road and the plants next to it.
The rapid flood inundated the road and the nearby plants.
Rapid floodwaters inundated roads and nearby plants.
We can see a overpass.
We can see a highway under the overpass.
There are many cars on the highway .
There are many cars on the overpass.
There are many cars on the highway and overpass.
We can see a farmland.
We can see a blue tractor on the farmland.
We can see a plough connected to the blue tractor.
The land on the left of the tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the right of the tractor has been ploughed.
Some people in the party sit on chairs.
The party take place at daytime.
The party take place at daytime.
The party is on concrete floor.
One person in the party wear green shirt.
There are two farmlands.
There is a car.
The car is white.
We can see three person stand on the land.
One door of the car is open.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
This is a large open-air concert close to the sea.
A red and white car was swept to the ground by the mudslide.
The mudslide knocked a red and white car to the ground.
A red and white car was swept to the ground by a mudslide.
The mudslide tossed a red and white car onto its side.
Mudslides will be a red and white car rushed in.
There is a baseball court.
Around the baseball court are spectator seats.
We can see white marks on the land.
We can see a slogan on the land.
Parts of the baseball court are wet.
Green harvesters harvest crops in green fields.
A green harvester reaps crops in a green field.
Green harvester in green crops harvest their crops.
A green harvester in green crops harvest their crops.
The green harvester reaps the crops in the green field.
A fire broke out in a house far away in the beautiful village, sending up a cloud of black smoke.
There was a fire in a house far away from the beautiful village which sent up a cloud of black smoke.
A fire broke out in a house far away in the beautiful village, sending black clouds of smoke.
Fire broke out in the beautiful village, a house in the distance the sky black smoke.
A house in the distance of a beautiful village was on fire, sending black smoke into the sky.
They race cars on the road.
Their race cars are colorful.
There are a lot of trees near the road where they are racing.
Their cars are professionally modified.
The cars they race are very speedy.
A serious traffic accident happened on one side of the expressway.
At the foot of the mountain, there was a traffic accident.
Serious traffic accident happened on one side of the expressway.
The side of the highway had a serious traffic accident.
There was a traffic accident on the road at the foot of the mountain.
Near the end of the race there are two white parasols.
Two white parasols are near the end of the race.
The end of the race is near two white parasols.
There are two white parasols near the end of the race.
A red and black arch is marked at the end of the race.
There is a sport court.
There is an American flag near the sport court.
The floor in sport court looks green and red.
Sun shine on the sport court.
Some parts of land in the sport court are wet.
There was a traffic jam on the city highway.
A traffic jam happened on the city highway.
Traffic jam happened on the city highway.
The traffic jam happened on the city highway.
There was a traffic jam on the city highway during the day.
On the left of the highway is the sea.
On the right of the highway is a mountain.
It is a cloudy day.
We can see white waves in the water.
Two cars are parked between the sea and the road.
The red house was destroyed by the mudslide.
The mudslide destroyed the red house.
Mudslides destroyed the red house.
The mud-rock flow will destroy the red house.
Destroying the house with red mud-rock flow.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
The weather was also very nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
There are several awfully tall trees around the basketball court.
A number of people enjoy basketball at morning.
There is a rubber court here.
No one watched them enjoy basketball.
Road next to basketball court.
There is a sport court.
There are white spectator seats in the sport court.
The football court is under construction.
The track is red.
On the right of the football court is a road.
This is a very wide baseball field.
Some people enjoy baseball at morning.
Many cars parked near the baseball area.
There are many trees around the baseball area.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
We can see some old buildings.
One buildings' roof is broken down.
We can see cracks on the roof.
On the roof are cracks.
There is a mess on the roof.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
This conflict brought together a awfully large number of people.
A large number of people gathered and conflicted.
In this conflict, some people will smash cars.
During the conflict, some activists will burn flags and other items to express protest.
Yellow harvesters transfer the harvested corn to red wagons.
The yellow harvester carried the harvested corn to the red wagon.
Yellow harvesters transfer the corn to red wagons.
The yellow harvester transports the harvested corn to the red van.
Yellow harvester to harvest the corn to the red van.
We can see two cars on the road.
There is a green car on the road.
We can see a green car on the road.
There is a white car on the road.
We can see a white car on the road.
There are many bricks on the land after an earthquake.
The land looks dusty.
We can see many bricks in the corridor.
There is only ruin in the corridor.
Sun shine on the the heap of ruin.
There are people in the streets wearing red and blue clothes holding signs and performing in parades.
There are people wearing red and blue clothes and holding signs in the streets.
Street people dressed in red and blue for the brand in parades.
Some people in the street are wearing red and blue clothes and holding signs in a parade.
Someone in the street is wearing red and blue clothes and holding a sign for a parade.
A lot of people run on the road at night.
At night, many people run on the road.
Lots of people run on the road at night.
Many people run on the street lights at night.
A lot of people run on the street lights at night.
The debris left a mess on the ground, and houses were washed away.
After the mudslide, the ground was a mess, and the houses were still washed away.
The ground was a mess after the mudslide, and houses were still washed away.
After the mudslide, the ground was a mess, and houses were still washed away.
Sent mudslides after a mess on the ground, houses, and washed to trace.
The weather for their boating was extremely nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extremely arduous.
The water on which they rowed the boat was extremely calm.
No one watched them row the boat.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
The house caught fire and sent up a cloud of black smoke.
The house went up in flames and sent a cloud of black smoke.
House the blazing fire of black smoke.
The house went up in flames and sent black clouds of smoke.
Black smoke billowed from the house.
There are many people running on a straight road, and there are many cars running.
Many people run on straight roads, and there are many cars running.
There are many people running on straight roads, and there are many cars running.
A lot of people run on a straight road, and there are many cars running.
Many people are running on a straight road, and there are green meadows nearby.
The land looks yellow.
The land is yellow.
We can see white lines on the land.
There are some trees.
It is daytime when the photo is taken.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a extraordinary tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
This is a huge construction site at sea level.
The track and field is a football field, where some people play football.
Inside the track and field is a football field, where some people play football.
In the track and field is a football field, where some people play football.
Outside the football field is a red runway with spectators around it.
The football field is a red runway with spectators around it.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
Lots of cars parked there on the shore of the boat race.
A number of people were walking and watching them row the boats.
Traffic jams occurred on many highways during the day.
Many roads were blocked by traffic during the day.
The traffic jam happened on many highways during the day.
There were traffic jams on many highways during the day.
During the day, traffic jams occurred on many highways.
This is a tremendous basketball court.
A number of people play basketball at afternoon.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
Road next to basketball court.
No one watched them play basketball.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The atmosphere of this concert is very cheerful, singing and dancing.
The people at this concert were awfully delighted and extremely relaxed.
People would dance to the rhythm of the concert.
A figure with 11 heads appeared in religious activities.
There were many people watching the religious activity on the roadside.
On religious day, an 11-headed figure is pulled down the street.
A figure with 11 heads appeared in religious activities.
Many black people watched the religious activities in the street.
There is a tremendous basketball area.
Two people are playing basketball together.
Bright sunshine on basketball area.
A number of people play basketball at afternoon.
A man is trying to throw a basketball into the hoop.
Someone is crouching in training to play football, and another person is standing by.
One person is crouching in training to play football, and the other person is standing by.
Some people are crouching in training to play football, and another person is standing by.
There is someone crouching in training to play football, and another person is standing by.
Someone is crouching in training to play football, with a net rack in front.
There is a man swimming in the sea.
A man is swimming in the sea.
A man is swimming in the sea
One man is swimming in the sea.
There is a man take a swim  in the sea.
The party is on the grass.
There are some balloons in the party.
Some people in the party sit on chairs.
Some people in the party sell cafe.
There is a car in the party.
The green harvester delivers the finished crop to a green van.
Green feed harvester to harvest the crops of a green van.
The green harvester fed the harvested crops to a green van.
A green harvester delivers the harvested crops to a green truck.
The green harvester transfers the harvested crops to a green van.
There are two highways.
We can see a white truck on one highway.
After the white truck are three police cars.
The police cars are white-and-black.
The police cars run after the white truck.
There was a traffic jam on the side under the overpass, and there were many houses nearby.
Traffic jam happened on the side under the overpass, and there were many houses nearby.
There was a traffic jam on one side under the overpass, and the road on the other side was clear.
A traffic jam happened on the side under the overpass, and there were many houses nearby.
The traffic jam happened on the side under the overpass, and there were many houses nearby.
On this day of religious activities, religious believers wear yellow clothes and parade on the road.
On the day of religious activities, religious believers wear yellow clothes and parade on the road.
In the religious activities of the day, religious believers in yellow clothes marching on the road.
On the day of the religious event, religious believers march on the road wearing yellow clothes.
On this day of religious activities, religious believers wear yellow clothes and parade on the road.
A few people are running on the road, and there is a red brick house nearby.
There are some people running on the road, and there is a red brick house nearby.
Several people are running on the road, and there is a red brick house nearby.
There are some people running on the road, and there is a green lawn nearby.
A few people are running on the road, and there is a green lawn nearby.
Many people run on the road beside the river, and there are many trees nearby.
There are many people running on the road beside the river, and there are many trees nearby.
A lot of people run on the road beside the river, and there are many trees nearby.
Lots of people run on the road beside the river, and there are many trees nearby.
There are many people running on the road beside the river, and there are withered lawns nearby.
Religious activities were held by the river.
Religious activities held by the river.
Women wear headscarves, men bare arms.
Women wear headscarves, the man on his arm.
The women were wearing scarves and the men were barehanded.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are many trees near where they row the boat.
Some people were walking and watching them row the boats.
There was a large prairie on the shore where they rowed their boats.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There was a large prairie on the shore where they rowed their boats.
The weather for their boating was extraordinary nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extraordinary difficult.
The streets were crowded with people holding signs and marching in protest.
On the streets of people holding signs in the protests.
People in the streets are holding signs in protest.
There are many people holding signs in the streets in protest.
A crowd of people in the street are holding signs in protest.
The water flooded the flower pond in the middle of the road. On the road, a white car gallops in the water.
White cars gallop in the water on the road. The large water flooded the flower pond in the middle of the road.
The large water flooded the flower pond in the middle of the road. On the road, a white car gallops in the water.
On the road, a white car is running in the water. The flood flooded the flower pond in the middle of the road.
The flood flooded the flower pond in the middle of the road. On the way, a white car in the water.
A few children are running by the side of the road, and there is a green lawn nearby.
Several children are running by the side of the road, and there is a green lawn nearby.
There are some children running by the side of the road, and there is a green lawn nearby.
A few children are running by the side of the road, and there is a small red house nearby.
Several children are running by the side of the road, and there is a small red house nearby.
There are many people doing cycle races on the ring road.
The weather was awfully nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle very speedy.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
There is a river near where religious activities are held.
There is a river near the place where religious activities are held.
Religious activity places near the river.
There is a river near the place where religious activities are held.
Religious activity places near the river.
The landslide caused the mountain to break away, and many plants and soil tumbled down.
Landslid caused the mountain to break away, and many plants and soil rolled down.
Landslides caused the mountain to break away, and many plants and soil rolled down.
The landslide caused the mountain to break away, and many plants and soil rolled off.
Damaged mountain from, and many plants and soil dropped.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The atmosphere of this concert is extraordinary cheerful, singing and dancing.
Firefighters on the side of the road were using ladders from fire engines and water cannons to douse the fire at the black-roofed house.
Firefighters on the side of the road were using ladders from fire engines and water cannons to douse the black-roofed house where the fire broke out.
Firefighters along the road were using ladders from fire engines and water cannons to douse the black-roofed house where the fire broke out.
Firefighters on the side of the road used ladders from fire engines and water cannons to douse the black-roofed house where the fire broke out.
Road next to the ladder for firemen in the fire and water cannon to fire on the top of the black house fire.
There was a traffic congestion on one side of the road, and the traffic on the other side was smooth.
On one side of the road, there was a traffic congestion, surrounded by trees.
Traffic congestion happened on one side of the road, and traffic was smooth on the other side.
A traffic congestion happened on one side of the road, surrounded by trees.
On one side of the road, there was a traffic congestion; on the other side, the traffic was smooth.
Lots of people run on the trail beside the river, and there is a train track nearby.
There are many people running on the trail beside the river, and there is a train track nearby.
There are many people running on the path beside the river, and there are many trees nearby.
Lots of people run on the path beside the river, and there are many trees nearby.
Many people run on the trails beside the river, and there are tall buildings in the city in the distance.
There are two gray road on the mountain.
We can see green trees and gray stones on the mountain.
We can see green trees and gray stones on the mountain.
Some people stand on a road and on one stand on another road.
It is daytime when the photo is taken.
On the alternate roads, there are cars, except for the breakdown, and the emissions are very thick.
There are cars on the alternate roads, and apart from the breakdown, they emit a lot of smoke.
The cars on the alternate roads emit a lot of emissions except for the breakdown.
Cars on the alternate roads, except for breakdown, emit heavy emissions.
There are cars on the alternate roads, and apart from the breakdown, they emit a lot of smoke.
There are three people swimming in the swimming pool.
Three people are swimming in the swimming pool.
A pool of three people are swimming.
There are three people swimming in the swimming pool.
Three people are swimming in the swimming pool.
There is a highway.
There is a river.
Between the highway and the river is a grassland.
We can see clouds in the sky.
There are many trees on the grassland.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
In  night, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
A traffic jam occurred on the highway in a brightly lit night.
Traffic jam happened on the highway in the bright night.
On a brightly lit night, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
In a brightly lit night, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
The landslide destroyed houses and dropped plants.
Landslides destroyed houses and dropped plants.
The landslide destroyed houses and dropped plants.
Landslid destroyed houses and dropped plants.
Landslide destroyed houses and make plants fall off.
Many people are struggling to repair roads blocked by mudslides flowing down the mountain.
The mud-rock flow from the mountain blocked the road, and many people are trying their best to repair it.
Many people are struggling to repair roads blocked by mudslides running down hills.
Many people are struggling to repair roads blocked by mudslides running down mountains.
Debris flow down from the mountain blocked roads, and many people in to repair.
A fire broke out in a house with white sides and a red roof under a tall building, producing a lot of smoke.
A fire broke out in a white-sided, red-roofed house under a tall building, producing a lot of smoke.
A fire broke out in a house with white sides and red roofs under a tall building, producing a lot of smoke.
A fire broke out in a house with white sides and a red roof under a tall building, creating a lot of smoke.
Under the tall buildings of a fire broke out in the red on the top of the White House have a lot of smoke.
On the farmland is a tractor.
The land on the left of the tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the right of the tractor has been ploughed.
We can see grasses on unploughed land.
The ploughed land is covered with soil.
The landslide caused the stone to fall on the road.
A landslide caused the stone to fall on the road.
Rock fell on the highway due to the landslide.
The landslide caused stones to fall on the road.
Landslide caused the stone to fall on the road.
We can see blue, yellow and white lights.
There are many buildings.
There is a cylindrical building with yellow lights.
We can see a road with cars on it.
The photo is taken at night.
There is a parking.
Two person stand on the parking.
Many cars are in the parking.
Some trees planted in the parking.
Around the parking is a grassland with trees on it.
Two teams of players are playing football in the football field.
In the football field, two teams of players are playing football.
The football field has two teams of players playing football.
There are two teams of players playing football in the football field.
Inside the football field, the ground is green.
We can see four cars on the highway.
There is a police car.
There is a police car on the highway.
The lights on all cars are on.
The white car with gumball is the police car.
There is a highway.
We can see a car on the highway.
The car is white.
On one side of the road is a grassland.
On one side of the road are trees.
There was a traffic jam on the highway in winter.
The traffic jam happened on the highway in winter.
Traffic jam happened on the highway in winter.
A traffic jam happened on the highway in winter.
In winter, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
Somebody is swimming in the water, and the water is very green.
Many people swim in the water, and there are life-saving tools in the water.
Many people swim in the water and there are life-saving tools in the water.
There are many people swimming in the water and there are life-saving tools in the water.
A lot of people swim in the water and there are life-saving tools in the water.
There is a beach.
There are many people on the beach.
There is black-and-blue building on the water and beach.
Someone swim in the water.
On the right of the beach are buildings.
In the street below the building, many people were marching in protest.
The street below the building was crowded with people marching in protest.
In the streets below the building, many people were marching in protest.
Under the building of many of the streets in protest.
Many people are marching in protest on the street below the building.
There is a swimming pool.
The water in the swimming pool looks blue.
There is reservoir near the swimming pool.
We can see water flow from reservoir to the swimming pool.
There are trees near the swimming pool.
On the street many people in red clothes are marching with signs and balloons.
A lot of people in red are marching in protest with brand balloons in the street.
On the streets, many people in red clothes are marching with signs and balloons.
In the streets, many people in red clothes are marching with signs and balloons.
People holding signs on the streets of many red balloons in the protests.
There is a road.
On side of the road are buildings.
There are some telegraph poles on the road.
There are some trees on the road.
The trees look green.
There are so many people in conflict here.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
This conflict brought together a very large number of people.
There are two sport courts.
Between sport courts are grass land with blue buildings on it.
There is a lamp on the football court.
There are many trees around the sport court.
The sum shone on the land.
In the distant village there was an endless flood.
There were endless floods in the distant villages.
The distant villages in the vast stretches of the flood.
The endless flood covered many houses and trees in the distant village.
Vast stretches of flooded the village many houses and trees in the distance.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
Some people were walking and watching them row the boats.
The weather for their boating was extremely nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat very hard.
Someone is running on the road, and there are many trees near the road.
People are running on the road. There are many trees near the road.
Some people are running on the road, and there are many trees near the road.
There are people running on the road, and there are many trees near the road.
Someone is running on the road. There is a green lawn near the road.
There are many planes on the parking.
We can see red , blue and yellow marks on the planes.
There is a whole white plane near the center of picture.
The gray land in the parking has some white marks on it.
The marks on the land are straight lines and circular arcs.
There are many trees around the basketball area.
This is a huge concrete basketball court.
No one watched them play basketball.
There are a number of houses around the basketball court.
A man is playing basketball.
There was a traffic jam on the side of the city, and many cars were trapped.
Traffic jam happened on the side of the city, and many cars were trapped.
A lot of houses are near the traffic jam.
A traffic jam happened on the side of the city, and many cars were trapped.
Lots of houses are near the traffic jam.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a extraordinary large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this
Many people are playing basketball in the dark.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
This is a big basketball court.
No one watched them play basketball.
The party is on the sea.
There are many ships in the party.
It is sunny at the party.
Most people in the party are shirtless.
The water in the party looks yellow.
A house on the side of the road was destroyed by a fire that sent up a lot of black smoke.
Houses along the road were destroyed by the fire, which exposed two pillars.
A house on the side of the road was destroyed by a fire that produced a lot of black smoke.
Beside the road was a house fire burn produced a large number of black smoke, revealing two pillars.
A house on the side of the road was burnt out by the fire, producing a lot of black smoke.
There is a parking which is  full of cars.
On the left of the road is a parking.
On the right of the road is a big building with gray roof.
We can see a river flows into the lake on the upper of the photo.
Two person stand on the road near the parking.
We can see a sport court with spectator seats.
On the court is a brown road, green grasses and blue equipments.
The photo is taken at daytime.
We can see a three floor circular building around the spectator seats.
Behind the circular building is a higher building.
A car had a traffic accident and crashed into a post beside the road.
There was a traffic accident in which a car crashed into a post beside the road.
An accident happened to a car, which crashed into a post beside the road.
One of the cars had a traffic accident and crashed into a post beside the road.
A car had a traffic accident and crashed into a post beside the road.
There are many cars on both sides of the road, and it seems that there is a traffic jam.
Traffic on both sides of the road is heavy, and there seems to be a traffic jam.
The traffic on both sides of the road is heavy, and there seems to be a traffic jam.
A lot of traffic on both sides of the road, and there seems to be a traffic jam.
There are many cars on both sides of the road, and it seems that there is a traffic jam.
We can see a road on the right of the photo.
The most part of the photo is about many buildings' roofs.
The buildings huddle together.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There are some pillar on the left of the road.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also some houses on the shore of the boat race.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
These guys are rowing boats on a cloudy day.
Lots of racing cars are speeding on the track.
There is a racing car flying out of the track.
One racing car was flown out of the track.
There are many racing cars speeding on the track.
There was a racing car flying out of the track.
Countless people were marching in protest on the roads between the buildings.
On the road between buildings, countless people are marching in protest.
Countless people are marching in protest on the road between buildings.
There are countless people marching and protesting on the road between buildings.
Building on the road to the countless people in the protests.
Many people swim in the water, and there are trees and houses nearby.
There are many people swimming in the water. There are trees and houses nearby.
Many people swim in the water, and there are trees and houses nearby.
Many people swim in the water, and there are trees and houses nearby.
There are many people swimming in the water, and there are trees and houses nearby.
We can see a complex reticulation white road on the land.
There is a lake at the upper of the photo.
We can see a basketball court on the ground with green land and white marks.
There is only one basketball stand on the basketball court.
The unsurfaced land are planted with trees and grasses.
The landslide destroyed many houses in the village.
The landslide destroyed many houses in the village.
Many houses in the village were destroyed by the landslide.
A landslide destroyed many houses in the village.
Landslides destroyed many houses in the village.
The people below the building are marching in protest.
Those under the building are marching in protest.
There are people marching under the building to protest.
The people under the building are marching in protest.
Under the building of people in the protests.
The party happen around the sea.
Some people laugh in the party.
There is a band at the party.
Three person wear sunglasses in the party.
Some people hold bottles on their hands.
The flood flooded the village road. The first floor of part of the house was submerged in water.
Flooded the village road. The first floor of part of the house was submerged in water.
The flood flooded the road of the village. Part of the soaking in the water on the ground floor of the building.
Floods flooded the roads of the village. The ground floor of some houses was submerged in water.
Floods covered the roads of the village. The ground floor of some houses is soaked in water.
A harvester was reaping wheat in a golden field, throwing dust in its path.
This green harvester harvests wheat in neat fields.
A green harvester reaped wheat in a neat field.
This green harvester is harvesting wheat in neat fields.
A green harvester harvest the wheat fields in the neat.
Some people play basketball on rubber courts.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
There are men and women who play basketball.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
No one watched them play basketball.
Many soldiers parade on horses along the road, alongside tanks.
On the road, many soldiers parade on horseback, alongside tanks.
Many soldiers parade on horses alongside tanks on the roads.
Road riding a horse many soldiers parade, alongside the tank.
There are many soldiers riding horses and tanks on the road.
There are a lot of steel bars on this construction site.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already a number of equipment here to facilitate the construction.
There are many people playing football on the grass, surrounded by houses.
Many people play football on the grass and there are houses around.
There are some people playing football on the grass, surrounded by trees.
Someone is playing football on the grass with trees around.
Others play football on the grass, surrounded by trees.
There are many trees.
We can see many trees.
It is daytime.
The trees are green.
The trees look green.
Stand on the farmland is a red tractor.
On the farmland is a red tractor.
The red tractor plough on the farmland.
The unploughed land looks white.
The ploughed land looks black.
The road beneath the building was crowded with people marching in protest.
On the road below the building, people are marching in protest.
The road under the building was crowded with people marching in protest.
The road below the building was crowded with people marching in protest.
Building on the road under the crowded people in the protests.
There are two people running in the field, and there are many shrubs nearby.
Two people are running in the field, and there are many shrubs nearby.
A couple of people are running in the field, and there are many shrubs nearby.
Two people are running in the field, and there is yellow soil nearby.
A couple of people are running in the field, and there is yellow soil nearby.
There are many trees near where they row the boat.
Some people were walking and watching them row the boats.
The weather for their boating was very nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extraordinary difficult.
The water on which they rowed the boat was very calm.
They race cars on the road.
Their race cars are colorful.
Their cars are professionally modified.
The cars they race are awfully speedy.
They are all alone driving these cars.
There are so many people in conflict here.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
This conflict brought together a awfully large number of people.
Some people are playing baseball.
They are playing baseball in the stadium.
A number of people are watching athletes play baseball.
They are playing baseball on the grass.
Some people play baseball at morning.
There are many people playing football on the football field.
Many people are playing football on the football field.
Football ground is green.
It is green on the ground.
Many people are playing football on the football field.
There are two basketball courts.
Near basketball courts is a cross road.
No one stand on basketball courts.
No one stand near basketball courts.
No one stand near basketball courts.
We can see a highway.
On the highway is a police car.
The way in front of the police car is under shade.
Sun shine on the police car.
We can see shade of the police car on the land.
A harvester is harvesting crops by the trees in the field.
There is a harvester harvesting the crops by the trees in the field.
A harvester is harvesting crops by a tree in a field.
There is a harvester harvesting the crops near the trees in the field.
There is a harvester harvesting crops near the trees in the field.
Traffic jams occurred on many highways in rural areas.
There were traffic jams on many highways in rural areas.
In rural areas, traffic jams occurred on many highways.
A traffic jam occurred on many highways in rural areas.
Many roads were blocked by traffic in rural areas.
Around the farmland are roads.
On the farmland is green tractor.
We can see a green tractor on the farmland.
The green tractor plough on the farmland.
A plough connected to the green tractor.
There is a farmland.
There are two green tractors on the farmland.
Most of the farmland is ploughed.
We can see a highway near the farmland.
One tractor plough on the farmland.
In the night, there are many people running on the road, and there are street lamps near the road.
There are many people running on the road at night, and there are street lamps near the road.
Many people run on the road at night, and there are street lamps near the road.
At night, there are many people running on the road, and there is a white car nearby.
In the night, there are many people running on the road, and there are trees nearby.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
There is a farmland.
Two tractors work at night.
Two tractors plough at night.
Two tractors plough on the farmland.
The lights on the tractors are on.
Many people are running on the road, and there is a pond nearby.
There are many people running on the road, and there is a pond nearby.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there are mountains nearby.
Many people are running on the road, and there are trees nearby.
There are many people running on the road, and there is a car nearby.
We can see two roads.
Between the roads is a grassland.
There are some cars on the left road.
There are two police cars on the right road.
in front of the police cars is a truck and a black car.
Many people stand on the top floor of a building.
We can see many handrail on the top floor.
Near the building which have many people on top floor is a three floor building.
We can see the sea far from the building.
There are some people on the ground around the building.
Floods covered the intersection. A white car was soaked in the water.
The flood covered the intersection. A white car was soaked in water.
Flooding the crossroads. A white car was soaked in water.
The flood flooded the intersection. There was a white car in the water.
Floods flooded the intersection. A white car was soaked in the water.
This is a huge basketball court.
Some people play basketball at afternoon.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
No one watched them enjoy basketball.
There are many trees around the basketball area.
The party take place near a red and white building.
Some people in the party sit on chairs.
One people in the party wear white hat and blue shirt.
The party take place on concrete floor.
There is a grass floor near the party.
Red mowers harvest wheat in dusty golden fields.
The red mower reaps wheat in a dusty golden field.
Red mowers cut wheat in dusty golden fields.
The red barley breaker in once more dust of golden harvest the wheat fields.
Red barley breaker in once more dust of golden harvest the wheat fields.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also some houses on the shore of the boat race.
There are many trees near where they row the boat.
The weather for their boating was very nice and sunny.
We can see many cars on the road.
There is a railway going across the road.
Two cars wait for the train which is going across the road.
Some cars are parked in the parking on the left of the photo.
Behind the parking are two buildings.
There are many people on the beach.
There are many people on the beach.
There are many buildings near the beach.
Some cars are on the road.
There are trees on both side of road.
This is a tremendous baseball area.
Some people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
Some people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
In the evening many people gather for religious activities.
At night there are many people holding religious activities with flashlights.
In the evening many people gather for religious activities.
At night there are many people holding religious activities with flashlights.
In the evening many people gather for religious activities.
There are a lot of conflict going on here.
There are so many people in conflict here.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
During this conflict, some people surrounded the police.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
In the evening, a huge fire broke out in a house in the city.
In the evening, a huge fire and thick black smoke broke out in a house in the city. Fire trucks in the streets battled the flames.
A fire broke out in a house in the city. Fire trucks battle the blaze on the street.
In the evening, a huge fire and thick black smoke broke out in a house in the city. Fire trucks in the streets battled the fire.
Raging fire happened in the evening in the city have a house. On the streets of the fire extinguishing in full.
Someone is playing football on the football field, and the football gate has a white net.
Some people are playing football on the football field, and the football gate has a white net.
There are people playing football on the football field, and the football gate has a white net.
Somebody is playing football on the football field, and the football gate has a white net.
Some people are playing football on the football field, and the football gate has a white net.
Some fields are green and others are yellow. Some farm vehicles work in the yellow fields.
The fields are green and some are yellow. Some farm vehicles work in the yellow fields.
Some fields are green and some are yellow. Some agricultural vehicles work in the yellow fields.
Fields are green, some are yellow. Some farm vehicles work in yellow fields.
The fields are green and some are yellow. Some farm vehicles work in yellow fields.
There is a new slope on the mountain.
The slope is covered by soil.
Many trees fall down on the land.
We can see excavator working on the land.
There is a mess of trees on the land.
A green harvester in a distant field carries the harvest to a red bucket.
A green harvester in a distant field carries the harvest into a red bucket.
In a distant field, green harvesters carry their harvest into red carts.
Green harvesters in distant fields carry their harvest into red carts.
The distance to the green field to harvester will harvest from food to the red car in the bucket.
Several women were dancing on the day of the religious activities.
Several women dressed in colorful clothes performed religious activities on the stage.
Several women dressed in bright clothes performed religious activities on the stage.
Several women were dancing on the day of the religious activities.
The back of the stage where the religious event was performed was decorated with flowers.
This is a basketball court made of some floor tiles.
There is a dog on the basketball court.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
Road next to basketball court.
Dog on the opposite side of the basketball court.
There is a grassland.
We can see trees on the grassland.
On the grassland are some trees.
We can see a building with white walls and a black roof.
We can see a building with red roof far away.
Many people run on city roads at night.
In the evening, many people run on the city roads.
In the evening, many people are running, and there are street lamps and tall buildings in the city nearby.
Many people are running at night, and there are street lamps and tall buildings in the city nearby.
There are many people running at night, and there are street lamps and tall buildings in the city nearby.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
The weather for their boating was extremely nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat very hard.
The water on which they rowed the boat was very calm.
In the streets below the city building there were many people marching in protest.
There were many people marching in the streets under the city buildings.
There were many people marching in the streets below the city buildings.
In the streets below the city building, many people are marching in protest.
There are a lot of people in the streets of the city building in the protests.
There is a lot of sunlight on this construction site.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
Several people swim in the sea during the day.
A few people swim in the sea during the day.
Several people swim in the sea during the day.
Some people take a swim in the sea during the day.
Some people swim in the sea during the day.
On the farmland is a blue tractor.
We can see a blue tractor on the farmland.
The land on the left of the blue tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the right of the blue tractor has been ploughed.
We can see grass on the left land.
There are many orderly people in the street.
There were many neat people on the street in the parade.
Lots of neat people in the street are holding a parade.
There are many neat people in the street in the parade.
Many people in the military parade in the streets.
There is a farmland.
There are four tractors on the farmland.
The land on the right of the tractors need to be ploughed.
The land on the left of the tractors has been ploughed.
The land has been ploughed is blacker than the unploughed one.
A green and yellow farm vehicle plows the earth.
The green and yellow farm vehicle plows the earth.
A greenish-yellow farm vehicle ploughed through the earth.
The green agricultural vehicles ploughing in the heaven and earth.
A green farm vehicles ploughing in the heavens and the earth.
This is an open-air cement floor basketball court.
They are playing basketball in the open space.
There are many trees around the basketball area.
There are three people playing basketball in the sun.
No one watched them play basketball.
There were organized demonstrations in the streets.
Many people are marching in the streets in organized protest.
The street a lot of people have in protest of the organization.
There are many organized marches and protests in the street.
A lot of people in the street are marching and protesting in an organized way.
The sea on which they rowed the boat was extremely calm.
The three of them rowed a small boat on the open sea.
No one watched them row the boat.
The three of them rowed the boat very speedy.
The three of them rowed the boat hard.
Three cars are parked together.
We can see trees behind cars.
We can see shade of a tree on the car.
One car is blue.
The cars are parked near a house.
One man in blue is playing football in the football field.
A man in blue is playing on the football field.
There are trees around the football field.
There is a man in blue playing football in the football field.
A man in blue is playing on the football field.
Two farm vehicles were at work in the vast field.
There are two farm vehicles working in an endless field.
Two farm vehicles were at work in an endless field.
Vast stretches of have two farm vehicles in work in the field.
There are two agricultural vehicles working in the endless field.
Someone is playing football in the football field, and there is a white circle in the field.
Some people are playing football in the football field, and there is a white circle in the field.
People are playing football in the football field, and there is a white circle in the field.
In the football field, dark green and light green alternate.
Inside the football field, dark green and light green alternate.
Some people in the party take photos.
People in the party gather around an art.
The party is on the grass.
There are some flowers at the party.
There are many children at the party.
There is a business street.
We can see many advertising boards.
There are many cars on the road.
There are many people on the business street.
It is at night.
There is a parking.
Many cars are placed in the parking.
We can see trees around the parking.
Near the parking is a mountain with a road on it.
On the left of the mountain is the sea.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a extraordinary large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
We can see many houses placed in a mess on the water.
Some wooden boats are parked near the houses for traffic.
We can see a main road in the surrounding of houses.
There are some neat buildings far away.
The photo is taken at daytime.
The party is in the evening.
There is a table in the party.
There is a parasol in the party.
Some people in the party are talking.
There are some food in the party.
Some people dressed in green were marching in the streets.
People dressed in green are marching in protest in the street.
On the street, some people dressed in green are marching in protest.
There are some people in green in the street marching in protest.
Some wear green clothes in the street in protest.
There are so many people in conflict here.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
This conflict brought together a awfully large number of people.
There are many people waiting for the athletes to arrive at the end of the race.
Many people are waiting for the athletes to arrive at the end of the race.
A lot of people are waiting for the athletes to arrive at the end of the race.
Many cars are near the end of the race.
Near the end of the race, there are many cars.
This is a large baseball area.
Some people enjoy baseball at night.
No one watched them play baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass area on the baseball area.
Here are a number of tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
It seems that a person is playing football on the ground.
One seems to be playing football on the ground.
A person seems to be playing football on the ground.
One person seems to be playing football on the ground.
One seems to be playing football on the ground.
Floods flooded the courtyard. The swimming pool in the courtyard overflowed with water.
The flood inundated the small courtyard. The swimming pool in the yard overflowed.
Floods submerged the small courtyard. The pool in the courtyard was overflowing.
The flood flooded the small courtyard. The swimming pool in the yard overflowed.
Flood covered the yard. Over the water in the swimming pool.
Some people swim by the dark blue sea during the day.
A few people swim by the dark blue sea during the day.
Several people swim by the dark blue sea during the day.
In the daytime, some people swim by the dark blue sea.
In the daytime, some people take a swim by the dark blue sea.
We can see roofs of buildings.
The roofs looks old.
There is a person stand on the land.
We can see a sink on the land.
We can see shade of a person on the land.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also some houses on the shore of the boat race.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
There were a number of people watching them row the boat.
No one watched them row the boat.
There are many trees near where they row the boat.
Some people were walking and watching them row the boats.
The weather for their boating was very nice and sunny.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
Cars are speeding along the road, and it seems that one of them is flying off the ground.
The car was speeding along the road, and it seemed that one of the cars was driving too fast and flew off the ground.
As the car sped along the road, it seemed that one of the cars drove too fast and flew off the ground.
The car was driving fast on the road, and it seemed that one of the cars was driving too fast and flew off the ground.
Cars are speeding along the road, and it seems that one of them is flying off the ground.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
Near houses is a farmland.
There is a red tractor on the farmland.
The land on the left of the red tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the right of the red tractor has been ploughed.
The land has been ploughed looks lower than the unploughed one.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
There is a harvester in the field harvesting the crops. Dust rose in his path.
A harvester was reaping the crops in the field. Dust rose in his path.
There is a harvester harvesting the crops in the field. Dust rose in his path.
The fields have a harvester to harvest the crops. Dust rose in his path.
There is a harvester in the field reaping the crops. There was dust everywhere.
There are three parasols in the party.
Is is sunny when the party happen.
There are many trees around the party.
Most people in the party are in the shade.
One person sit in the party.
House destroyed by fire beyond recognition.
House destroyed by fire.
The house was destroyed by the fire beyond recognition.
Fire truck putting out fire in house.
Fire truck putting out fire in house on fire.
There are two parkings.
Between parkings is a highway.
It is daytime.
Many cars are parked in parkings.
There are two yellow lines on the road.
Green tractors with yellow farm tools are plowing the fields.
A green tractor is plowing the field with yellow implements.
Green tractors plow the fields with yellow farm tools.
The green tractor is plowing the field with yellow implements.
Green tractor with yellow tools in plow their fields.
Firemen were using a ladder from a fire truck to put out the fire in the house.
The firemen are using the ladder of the fire truck to put out the fire in the house.
Firefighters in the ladder for a fire with fire truck house fire.
The firemen are using the ladder of a fire truck to put out the fire in the house.
Firefighters use the ladder on the fire truck to put out the fire in the house.
There is a mountain.
We can see a road on the mountain.
There is a road on the mountain.
There are many trees on the mountain.
On the mountain are trees and a road.
There is a huge basketball court in this stadium.
Some people enjoy basketball at afternoon.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
No one watched them play basketball.
There are two teams of people playing basketball on different basketball courts.
There was a traffic accident on the road with lawns on both sides.
A traffic accident happened on the road with lawns on both sides.
The road had a traffic accident, and there were lawns on both sides of the road.
There was a traffic accident on one side of the road, and the car on the other side was running normally.
An accident happened on one side of the road, and the car on the other side was running normally.
Near the farmland are buildings with white roofs.
We can see green plants on the farmland.
A part of the farmland is covered by soil.
We can see a green tractor on the farmland.
The green tractor plough on the farmland.
The party is under a pavilion.
People are eating at the party.
The party is in the afternoon.
There are grass around the party.
The pavilion of the party is brown.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also some houses on the shore of the boat race.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
There were a number of people watching them row the boat.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
No one watched them row the boat.
The weather for their boating was very good.
Cars are speeding on the track, and the roadside is green.
The car is speeding on the track, and the roadside is green.
Car speeding on the track, the road is green.
A car is speeding on the track, and the roadside is green.
Car speeding on the track, the road is green.
This is a very immense baseball field.
A number of people play baseball at night.
No one watched them enjoy baseball.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass area on the baseball field.
Many people watched the athletes run to the finish line by the side of the road.
A lot of individuals watched the athletes run to the finish line by the side of the road.
Lots of individuals watched the athletes run to the finish line by the side of the road.
Many individuals watched the athletes run to the finish line by the side of the road.
There is a blue tent beside the road.
There are many large ships to aid in the construction.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a very large number of people working
Some buildings are being constructing here.
This is a huge baseball area.
A number of people play baseball at night.
No one watched them enjoy baseball.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass area on the baseball field.
Here are some cars parked here to race.
They race cars at night.
They race cars on the road.
Their race cars are colorful.
There are a lot of trees near the road where they are racing.
A white mudslide rushed through the trees.
White mudslides raced through the trees.
White mudslides raced through the woods.
A white mudslide raced through the trees.
White debris flow in the woods and the pentium.
There is an unsurfaced road.
On both side of road are trees.
There is nobody on the road.
There is no car on the road.
There is no activity on the road.
Two person in the party sit on chairs.
Two person wear black shirt in the party.
Two person wear white shirt in the party.
four person in the party stay on grass.
The party happen in daytime.
There was a lot of snow on one side of the road, which led to a traffic accident.
The side of the road accumulated a lot of snow, which led to a traffic accident.
Traffic accident happened on the road, and there were many trees around.
An accident happened on the road, and there were many trees around.
Lots of snow accumulated on one side of the road, which led to a traffic accident.
We can see four highways.
There are two police cars on one highway.
There is a truck on the highway on which are two police cars.
The truck is white.
We can see two police cars run after a white truck.
Mudslides from the mountains flooded roads and threatened to submerge homes in villages.
The mudslide from the mountain flooded roads and threatened to submerge villages' houses.
Debris flow from the mountain flooded the road, which is about to flood the houses in the village.
The mudslide that came down the mountain flooded the road and threatened to submerge village houses.
Debris flow down from the mountains flooded road, the flooded village houses.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
At the site where religious activities are held, there are many people watching the sedan chair on the side of the road.
At the site of religious activities, there are many people watching the sedan chair beside the road.
At the site of the religious activities, there are many people watching the car beside the road.
In the site of religious activities, there are many people watching the sedan chair beside the road.
In religious activity venues, there are many people in the street next to watch the sedan.
The weather was also very nice when they were watching the concert.
There are some shops around this concert.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
On the left part of the photo is a beach.
On the right part of the photo is the sea.
There are many umbrellas with different colors on the beach.
Many people swim in the water.
We can see many cushion with different colors on the beach.
There are people running on the road. There are many trees near the road.
Some people are running on the road. There are many trees near the road.
Somebody is running on the road. There are many trees near the road.
Someone was running on a suburban road with many trees in the vicinity of the road.
Someone is running on the road in the suburbs and there are many trees near the road.
Many cars are on the overpass, and there seems to be a traffic jam.
There are many cars on the overpass, and there seems to be a traffic jam.
Many cars are on the overpass, and many trees are not far away.
On the overpass, there are many cars and trees not far away.
The overpass has many cars, and there seems to be a traffic jam.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
The weather for their boating was extremely nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat very arduous.
On the day of religious activities, there are many people carrying a sedan chair.
There were many people crowding the road to watch the religious activity.
The bridal sedan chair at religious events is colorful.
There are many black people carrying sedan chairs in the streets to attend religious activities.
There are a lot of people taking part in religious activities in the streets.
There is a waterfall.
We can see white waves on the waterfall.
Trees live near the waterfall.
We can see black stones out of the water.
The photo is taken at daytime.
The mudslide flooded the road below and washed down many trees.
A mudslide flooded the road below the mountain and washed away many trees.
Debris flows flooded the road below the mountain and washed away many trees.
The mudslide buried hill road, to the many trees.
Debris flow flooded the road below the mountain and washed away many trees.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The weather was also awfully nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
There was a house fire in the far side of town during the day sending up a cloud of black smoke.
During the day a fire broke out in a house far away in town, sending up a cloud of black smoke.
During the day a house fire broke out in the far side of town sending black smoke into the sky.
During the day a house fire broke out in the far side of town sending black smoke into the sky.
During the town a house in the distance that a fire broke out all over the sky of black smoke.
Yellow harvester harvests crops in golden farmland. And transported to the back pocket of the car.
A yellow harvester reaps crops in a golden field. And put it in the back pocket.
Yellow reaper harvests crops in golden farmland. And transported to the back pocket of the car.
A yellow harvester harvests crops in a golden field. And into the back pocket.
The yellow harvester reaped the crops in the golden fields. And put it in the back pocket.
The landslide caused the mountain to fall off, and many plants and soil fell off.
Landslid caused the mountain to fall off, and many plants and soil fell off.
The landslide caused the mountain to fall off, and many plants and soil fell.
Landslides caused the mountain to fall off, and many plants and soil fell off.
A landslide caused the mountain to fall off, and many plants and soil fell off.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There is a road near where they row the boat.
No one watched them row the boat.
There are a number of trees where they row the boat.
A traffic accident happened on the road, leaving only the wreckage on the side of the road.
Traffic accident happened on the road, leaving only the wreckage on the side of the road.
There was a traffic accident on the road, and traffic police were at the scene of the accident.
The traffic accident happened on the road, leaving only the wreckage on the side of the road.
Traffic accident happened on the road, with traffic police at the scene.
There is a highway.
We can see seven cars.
We can see six police cars.
Six police car run after a black car.
We can see six police car running after a black car.
Countless people were marching in protest under the building.
Under the building, there are countless people marching in protest.
Countless people are marching in protest under the building.
Thousands of people are marching in protest under the building.
Under the building there are thousands of people in the protests.
There is a ruin.
A part of the red wall fall down.
A part of the red wall fall into pieces.
There are bricks in the mess.
We can see wooden materials on the land.
The mudslide brought mud mixed with snow.
The debris flow brought mud mixed with snow.
Debris flows bring mud mixed with snow.
A mudslide brought mud mixed with snow.
Debris flow brought mud mixed with snow.
There are many people playing football on the football field, and there are houses and trees not far away.
Many people play football on the football field, and there are houses and trees not far away.
There are many people playing football on the football field, which is surrounded by iron fences.
Many people play football on the football field, which is surrounded by iron fences.
Lots of people play football on the football field, which is surrounded by iron fences.
There is a river.
Around the river are many tree.
Some trees are green.
Some trees are yellow.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There are cars running normally on the road, and there are big trees on the side of the road.
There was a collision between two cars on the road, which caused a traffic accident.
On the road, two cars collided, causing a traffic accident.
Two cars collided on the road, causing a traffic accident.
The two cars collided on the road, causing a traffic accident.
A number of people play basketball at afternoon.
This is an old basketball court.
They parked several electric cars next to the basketball court.
Road next to basketball court.
There are some houses near the basketball court.
This is a large baseball area.
In the afternoon, a number of people play baseball on the baseball court.
Bright sunshine on baseball ground.
There is a road near the baseball ground.
There is a large grass ground on the baseball field.
There is a road with isolation belts.
We can see many cars on the road.
There are houses on both sides of the road and then trees.
It is daytime when the photo is taken.
There is a iron triangular.
There is already a number of equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a very large number of people working
The blue truck carried the grain onto a white conveyor belt.
Blue wagons carry grain onto white conveyor belts.
This blue van transports grain onto a white conveyor belt.
Blue trucks carried grain onto white conveyor belts.
Blue van food conveyor belt to white.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
There is a farmland.
We can see three tractors on the farmland.
Four fields on the farmland  are ploughed.
The unploughed fields look yellow.
The tractors plough on the farmland.
The streets were crowded with people marching in protest.
People are marching and protesting in the streets.
A crowd of people marched in the street to protest.
The streets are crowded with people marching in protest.
Streets are the many people in the protests.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
There are some workers working on the roof at this construction site.
In this conflict, some people will smash cars.
People rush to a special place in this conflict.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
This is a large baseball area.
There are many trees around the baseball area.
Some people play baseball at morning.
There is a large grass field on the baseball ground.
This is a immense baseball area.
There are many mountains near the seashore, which is endless.
The seaside is endless and there are many mountains nearby.
As far as the sea is concerned, there are many mountains nearby.
There are many mountains near the seashore, which is endless.
The seaside is endless, and there are many mountains nearby.
Several people are swimming in the blove  ocean in bathing suits.
Several people are take a swim  in the blue sea mile  in bathing suits.
Several people are swimming in the blue ocean in bathing suits.
Some  people are swimming in the blue sea  in bathing suits.
A few people are swimming in the blue ocean in bathing suits.
A traffic jam occurred on the highway in a brightly lit night.
There was a traffic jam on the highway in foggy weather.
Traffic jam happened on the highway in the bright night.
On a brightly lit night, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
In a brightly lit night, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
It is daytime.
There are many buildings.
Many buildings huddle together.
We can see trees between buildings.
Between buildings are trees.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
Lots of cars parked there on the shore of the boat race.
The two of them rowed the boat very speedy.
There is a river.
We can see a bridge over a river.
There is a mess on the bridge.
We can see trees far away.
It is daytime.
Dusty green harvesters were harvesting crops in the fields.
Dusty green harvesters harvest crops in the fields.
This dusty green harvester is harvesting crops in the field.
Dusty green harvesters cut crops in the fields.
The dusty green harvester to harvest the crops in the fields.
We can see four red tractors on the farmland.
On the farmland are four red tractors.
The unploughed land looks yellow.
Red tractors plough on the farmland.
The land on the right of the tractors need to be ploughed.
We can see sun light reflect from the water.
There are many white waves in the waters on the right upper part of the photo.
The water looks yellow.
The photo is taken at daytime.
No one swim in the water.
On the land is a white truck.
Two policemen control a person.
Some part of the white truck is broken.
There are five people.
Policemen control a person near the white truck.
There are mountains nearby on the running road.
In the running section, there are mountains nearby.
There are crops and telephone poles nearby on the running road.
In the running section, there are crops and telephone poles nearby.
On the running road, there are cars parked nearby on the road.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a awfully large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are a number of trucks carrying the materials needed for this
There are many pillars protruding from the water at this construction site.
The construction site is on the sea, and there are many tower cranes on ships.
Machines swayed dust in the fields harvesting crops.
The machines picking up the crops in the fields kicked up dust.
Machines swirl dust in the fields to harvest crops.
The machine picking up the crops in the fields threw up dust.
Machines picking up dust in the fields.
There are many buildings.
There are some buildings on water.
There are some grassland.
The photo is taken at daytime.
Near the grassland are many buildings.
Religious believers gathered on the main road.
There are only some religions leaders in sedan chairs.
On the day of religious activities,People wear colorful clothes.
Most religious believers wear orange clothes.
There are only some religious people riding motorcycles.
On the road, there is a car running.
The road has a car running.
An automobile is passing through the intersection.
One car is passing through the intersection.
The car is passing through the intersection.
There is a parking.
A plane is parked in the parking.
We can see a plane in the parking.
The plane is blue-and-white.
There are many cars in the parking.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The weather was also extraordinary nice when they were watching the concert.
The fire engine in the street was extinguishing the villa which had caught fire.
There was a fire on the streets of the fire for produce the villa smoke fire extinguishing.
Fire trucks on the street are putting out a fire in a villa that has been engulfed in smoke.
The fire engines in the street were putting out the fire at the villa which had caused a cloud of smoke.
Fire trucks on the street are putting out a fire in a villa that has been flooded with smoke.
There are four highways.
There are two fork roads.
We can see a blue-and-white truck.
Many cars are on the road.
We can see lamps on sides of highways.
The lights on the concert venue are very bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
The four of them were rowing a one-person boat.
There are a lot of trees near the water for boating.
They were rowing the boat with their backs to the opposite direction.
They are rowing a boat in the sun.
There is a girl who is rowing very speedy.
A house in the woods caught fire and sent up a cloud of black smoke.
The house in the forest was on fire, sending out a cloud of black smoke.
A house in the forest caught fire and sent out a cloud of black smoke.
There are houses a blazing fire in the forest of black smoke.
The house in the forest was on fire and a cloud of black smoke was coming out.
Someone is running in the middle of the road, and there is a green lawn beside the road.
Some people are running in the middle of the road, and there is a green lawn beside the road.
People are running in the middle of the road, and there is a green lawn beside the road.
There are people running in the middle of the road and houses nearby.
People are running in the middle of the road and there are houses nearby.
The ferocious mudslide flooded the first floors of houses and the bases of roads and trees.
Ferocious mudslides flooded the first floor of houses and the base of roads and trees.
Fierce mudslides flooded the first floor of houses and the bottom of roads and trees.
The ferocious mudslides flooded the first floors of houses and the bases of roads and trees.
Fierce mudslides flooded on the first floor of the building and road and at the bottom of the tree.
The mountain is covered by stone and trees.
We can see some people stand on the mountain on the top half of the photo.
The leaves of trees are green and yellow.
The photo is taken at daytime
The stones on the mountain look gray.
In places where religious activities are held, there is a black corridor in the middle.
There was a black corridor in the middle of the place where the religious activities were held.
Where the hold religious activities, there is a dark corridor.
A blue ornament in the middle and a person in the center.
There is a person in the center, several people next to him.
There were a number of people watching them row the boat.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
They row the boat very hard and very arduous.
A number of people were walking and watching them row the boats.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
A number of buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
They ride their cycle very speedy.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
In the evening red harvesters cut wheat in the fields with their lights on.
Red harvesters cut wheat in the fields in the evening with the lights on.
In the evening red harvesters cut wheat in the fields with lights on.
Red harvesters cut wheat in the fields in the evening with their lights on.
Evening red harvester harvest the wheat in the fields with the lights on.
The weather was very nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle awfully speedy.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
We can see a baseball court.
Near the baseball court are spectator seats.
The spectator seats are white.
The floor is green and yellow in baseball court.
There are some trees outside the baseball court.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide down and destroyed many houses in the village.
A landslide caused the mountain to slide down and destroyed many houses in the village.
Landslid caused the mountain to slide down and destroyed many houses in the village.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide and destroyed many houses in the village.
The mountain landslide slip off destroyed many houses in the village.
At night, many people run on the road with street lamps on.
In the night, many people run on the road with street lamps on.
Many people run on the road at night, with street lamps on.
Many people run on the road at night and there are buildings in the distance.
There are many people running on the road at night and there are buildings in the distance.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road in the mountain, and there were trees in the surrounding mountains.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road in the mountain, and there were trees in the surrounding mountains.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the mountain road, and there were many houses on the hillside.
The traffic jam happened on one side of the road in the mountain, and the surrounding mountains were full of trees.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the mountain road, and there were many houses on the hillside.
There is a boy running on the asphalt road. There are green lawns and trees near the road.
One boy is running on the asphalt road. There are green lawns and trees near the road.
The boy in blue is running on the asphalt road.
There is a boy in blue running on the asphalt road.
One boy in blue is running on the asphalt road.
The harvester in the field passes the harvested grain to the truck next to it.
Harvesters in the field pass the harvest to nearby trucks.
The harvester in the field passes the harvest to the truck next to it.
Feed harvester to harvest the grain field next to the van.
The harvester in the field transfers the harvest to a truck next to it.
There are many lights at night.
On the right of the river is a  skyscraper.
On the left of the river is a road which has some trees on both sides.
We can some ships with light on the river.
On the left of the river are many buildings.
Many people run in the middle of the road.
Many people take part in running races in the road.
Many people take part in running races on the roads in the suburbs.
Many children are taking part in a running race on the road in the suburb.
Many people participate in running races in the road.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a extraordinary large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
Some people are shirtless in the party.
There are two parasols in the party.
Two person in the party wear sunglasses.
There are some chairs in the party.
Two person in the party wear hat.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
No one watched them row the boat.
There are many trees near where they row the boat.
There are people playing football on the court.
Some people are playing football on the court.
Somebody is playing football on the court.
There are many trees outside the football field.
Many trees are outside the football field.
One racing car crashed into the side of the road, and the car following it also crashed into it.
A racing car crashed into the side of the road, and the car following it also crashed into it.
The car crashed into the side of the road, and so did the car that followed.
An racing car crashed into the side of the road, and the car following it also crashed into it.
A racing car crashed into the side of the road, and the car following it also crashed into it.
Red harvesters in the field carry the harvested wheat to a red truck next to it.
This red harvester in the field carries the harvested wheat to a red truck next to it.
Red harvesters in the field carry the harvested wheat to red trucks nearby.
The red harvester in the field transports the harvested wheat to a red truck next to it.
Red harvester to harvest the wheat field within the red truck to the side.
There are many buildings with garden.
There is no tree in some gardens.
There is a road.
It is daytime.
The roofs are gray or brown.
There was no one around the track where they raced their cars.
This car kicks up a lot of dust from cornering.
They race cars when the weather is fine.
There are some houses around the track where they race their cars.
There are a lot of trees near the road where they are racing.
After harvesting the crops in the field, the harvester made dust all over the sky.
A harvester harvests crops in the field, making dust all over the sky.
Harvest harvesters harvest crops in the fields, making dust all over the sky.
The harvester made a cloud of dust after harvesting the crops in the field.
Harvester finished harvesting crops in the fields to get the dust out of the sky.
The water covered the land in front of the cinema building.
In front of the building land flooded the cinema.
The flood covered the land in front of the cinema building.
Floods covered the land in front of the cinema building.
Floods covered the land in front of the movie theater building.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a extraordinary tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Through days of difficult work by workers, the construction has taken on its basic shape.
This is a large baseball area.
Some people play baseball at night.
No one watched them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
This is an open-air cement floor basketball court.
Some people play basketball at afternoon.
No one watched them play basketball.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
There are a lot of guys defending the guy with the basketball.
Many people gather by the river for religious activities.
A lot of people together to religious activities by the river.
Many people gather along the river for religious activities.
A lot of people together to religious activities by the river.
Many people gather by the river for religious activities.
There was a creek next to where he was cycling.
The man is riding a cycle on the grass.
They ride their cycle very speedy.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
A fierce mudslide flows through the river next to the village.
Ferocious mudslide flows through the river beside the village.
The fierce mudslide flows through the river next to the village.
Fierce mudslide flows through the river beside the village.
A fierce mudslide flows through the river next to the village.
The mudslide submerged most of the house, leaving only the roof exposed.
The mudslide submerged most of the house, only the roof was exposed.
The mudslide submerged most of the house and only the roof was exposed.
Mudslides flooded house half, only out of the roof.
The mudslide flooded most of the house, leaving only the roof exposed.
There is a swimming pool in the party.
Some people swim in the swimming pool in the party.
There are some white chairs in the party.
There are some trees near the party.
Some people in the party stand.
Many people run on one side of the road and cars are parked on both sides of the road.
A lot of people run on one side of the road, and cars are parked on both sides of the road.
Lots of people run on one side of the road, and cars are parked on both sides of the road.
Many people run on one side of the road with green lawns on both sides.
A lot of people run on one side of the road, and there are green lawns on both sides of the road.
There is a wasteland.
There are many trees on the land.
On the land are many trees.
The land looks yellow.
The photo is taken at daytime.
We can see four tractors on the farmland.
The land on the left of the tractors need to be ploughed.
The land on the right of the tractors has been ploughed.
The four tractors plough on the farmland.
We can see dust fly after tractors.
There is snow on roof and road.
nobody is on the road.
There is no activity on the road.
There are lights on the sides of road.
There is a lake near the house.
The party is on the sea.
Some people in the party are swimming.
There are tow ships in the party.
One ship in the party is blue and white.
The water of sea looks green in the party.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
People in the conflict put up signs in protest.
During the conflict, some activists will burn flags and other items to express protest.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and
There is a red tractor.
The land on the right of the red tractor has been ploughed.
The land on the left of the red tractor need to be ploughed.
The land with yellow wheels on it need to be ploughed
The land without yellow wheels on it has been ploughed
The party happen on water.
People stay on white yacht in the party.
Someone in the party are shirtless.
It is daytime when the party happen.
The yacht which the party use has two floor.
Religious leaders sat on elephants to perform religious activities.
Many black people had gathered to watch the religious leader sitting on the elephant doing his religious activities.
Religious leaders sat on elephants to perform religious activities.
On the day of religious activities, religious leaders sit on elephants.
Many black people visit religious activities where religious leaders sit on elephants by the roadside.
The firemen are putting out a fire at a house near the river.
A fire broke out in a house near the river. The firemen at the house were put out the fire.
Firefighters are the river a house a fire extinguishing.
The firemen are putting out a fire at a house by the river
Fire broke out in the river near the house has a white smoke. House beside the firefighters trying to put out the fire.
There was a mountain in the distance where they were rowing the boat.
There are some boats racing on this river.
There are two people rowing a boat on a cloudy day.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There was some fog on the water where they were rowing the boat.
On the road, there was a traffic accident, and several cars collided.
A traffic accident happened on the road, and there was a lawn beside the road.
An accident happened on the road, and there was a lawn beside the road.
The road had a traffic accident, and there was a lawn beside it.
There was a traffic accident on the road, and several cars collided.
Many houses huddle together.
There is a highway.
There is a bridge over the high way.
There is a building with brown roof at the bottom of the photo.
Two cars are parked in front of the building with brown roof.
There is a sport court.
The floor is green in sport court.
There are white and yellow marks on the floor.
There are two lamps in sport court.
We can see the setting sun.
There was a traffic jam on the road, and there were many green plants along the road.
Traffic jam happened on the road, and many car owners got off the station and got on the road.
Traffic jam happened on the road, and there were many green plants along the road.
There was a traffic jam on the road, and many car owners got off the station and got on the road.
The traffic jam happened on the road, and there were many green plants along the road.
On the upper of the photo is part of the sun.
Thee things on the land are too black to distinguish.
We can see white building on the land.
There seems a road on the bottom of the photo.
There are some trees on the land.
The man rides a bicycle on a road with obstacles.
They ride their cycle awfully speedy.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
Many people in the street wearing purple clothes and holding flags are marching in protest.
Many people wearing purple clothes and holding flags are marching in the streets to protest.
In the streets, many people wearing purple clothes and holding flags were marching in protest.
In the streets, many people wearing purple clothes and holding flags are marching in protest.
On the streets of many people wearing purple clothes carrying flags in the protests.
We can see two highways in the photo.
The field on the left of highways are under construction.
We can see two cars working on the construction site.
There are many trees near the construction site.
It is daytime.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The weather was very nice when they raced their cycle.
Their cars are professionally modified.
The cars they race are extremely speedy.
They are all alone driving these cars.
There are many signs around the track where they race.
A lot of people watched them race their cars from the outside of the track.
There is a lake.
Behind the lake is a land full of trees.
We can see mountains with trees far away.
It is a cloudy day.
The water near land looks green.
There are some buildings next to the basketball court.
No one watched them play basketball.
These guys are playing basketball on the grass.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
Bright sunshine on basketball area.
A lot of people are running on the road, and many cars are parked nearby.
There are many people running on the road, and there are many cars parked nearby.
Lots of people are running on the road, and many cars are parked nearby.
There are many people running on the road, and there is a green lawn nearby.
Many people are running on the road, and there is a green lawn nearby.
The water inundated lower houses and cars.
Flooded low houses and cars.
The floodwaters submerged lower houses and cars.
Floods inundated lower houses and cars.
Floods inundated houses and cars in lower places.
We can see a highway.
There are three cars on the highway.
We can see a truck on the highway.
There is a police car.
There is a red car.
The party is on a beach.
There are many white ships around the party.
The beach on which a party take place is triangular.
The party take place on a sunny day.
The people in the party scatter into several pieces.
Many people are having a party.
There is a party on the sea.
There is a party on the ships.
It is sunny at the party.
some people are lying in the ships.
At night, with lights on, a red harvester delivers the harvest to green trucks.
At night the lights are on and a red harvester delivers the harvest to green trucks.
The red harvester with the lights on in the evening will be the harvest of grain to green truck.
At night, with lights on, a red harvester transports the harvest to green trucks.
At night a red harvester with lights on delivers the harvest to green trucks.
We can see one person lying on the land.
The person lying on the land is under arrest.
There are some policemen near the person who is lying on the land.
We can see part of a police car.
A policeman check something on the land.
People are stretching their arms in the party.
The brick in the party is black and white.
One person in the party wear red hat.
There is a blue light in the party.
There is a chair around the party.
Many cars parked near the baseball field.
Some people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
Many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
There is a farmland.
Some part of the farmland is covered with grasses.
We can see a tractor ploughing on the land.
We can see a tractor ploughing at daytime.
We can see a tractor working on the land.
This is a huge basketball court.
A number of people enjoy basketball at afternoon.
Bright sunshine on basketball area.
No one watched them play basketball.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
A tractor is pulled into a hopper to transport its own grain to another hopper.
Tractor pulled to the hopper to transport its own grain to another hopper.
The tractor pulls into one body to transport its own grain into another body.
Tractors are pulled into the hopper to transport their own grain to another hopper.
The tractor pulls into one bucket to deliver its own grain to the other bucket.
Floods flooded the white factory building.
The flood covered the white factory buildings.
Floods submerged the white factory buildings.
White buildings flooded with only the top.
The white factory building was flooded to the top.
Here are a number of tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
A number of buildings are being constructing here.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
They ride their cycle very arduous.
Each of them wears a hard hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle awfully speedy.
The three men are playing football on the football field.
A group of three people are playing football on the football field.
It's surrounded by a football field fence.
The football field is surrounded by fences.
The football is white.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
The landslide killed plants and filled the pits with sewage.
The landslide caused plant death, and the pit was filled with sewage.
Landslide caused plant death, and the pit was filled with sewage.
The landslide killed the plants and filled the pits with sewage.
Landslides killed plants and the pit is filled with water.
There is a wharf.
A huge ship is parked in the wharf.
The ship is white.
There are many buildings on the land.
We can see snow on roofs.
There is a park.
We can see six white buildings in the park.
There is a mess in the center of the park.
There are some outer buildings of the park.
Part of the outer buildings are broken.
There is a forest on the beach.
On the right of the forest are man-make lakes.
The water in man-make lake looks blue.
The water in the sea looks green.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There is a square.
Many people walk on the square.
There is a building with white roof on the square.
We can see two lamps on the square.
There are three same signs on the square.
The flood flooded the road beside the house. Many objects floated in the water.
Floods flooded the road next to the house. Many objects float in the water.
The flood flooded the road beside the house. Many objects were floating in the water.
The flood flooded the house beside the road. Many objects floating in the water.
Floods flooded the road beside the house. Many items were floating in the water.
There are many highways.
Some girder bridges go over highways.
Many cars are on the way.
There are trees between roads.
The photo is taken at daytime.
This is a huge baseball area.
In the morning, some people play baseball on the baseball court.
Bright sunshine on baseball area.
many people are watching them enjoy baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball area.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a awfully tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Through days of arduous work by workers, the construction has taken on its basic shape.
Two green harvesters are harvesting crops. A green truck is carrying grain.
There are two green harvesters harvesting the crops. A green truck is carrying grain.
Two green harvesters harvest crops. A green truck carries grain.
There are two green harvester at harvest the crops. A green trucks carrying food.
There are two green harvesters harvesting crops. A green truck is carrying grain.
Many people run in the marathon on the road, and there are a row of trees on both sides of the road.
A lot of people run in the marathon on the road. There are a row of trees on both sides of the road.
Lots of people run in the marathon on the road. There are a row of trees on both sides of the road.
There are many people running in the marathon on the road. There are a row of trees on both sides of the road.
Many people run in the marathon on the road, and there are tall buildings nearby.
We can see yellow big stones on the land.
There are many people.
A building in the center of the photo is broken.
We can see white walls around the broken building.
We can see three cars on the land.
A mountain collapse flooded some houses in the village.
The mountain collapse submerged some houses in the village.
Part of the houses in the village were submerged by the mountain collapse.
Some houses in the village were submerged by the mountain collapse.
The mountain collapsed and flooded some houses in the village.
People rush to a special place in this conflict.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
People in the conflict put up signs in protest.
Most part of the photo is a football court.
The land on football court is green.
There are some green marks on the football court.
On the bottom of the photo, we can see a gray land with some marks on it.
The photo is taken at daytime.
Green harvesters in the fields harvest crops at noon.
The green harvester in the field reaped the crops at noon.
Green harvesters in the fields harvest crops at noon.
The green harvester in the field reaps the crops at noon.
Fields of green harvester to harvest their crops at noon.
Some people are playing football on the football field, surrounded by a red runway.
There are people playing football on the football field, surrounded by a red runway.
Somebody is playing football on the football field, surrounded by a red runway.
Some people are playing football on the football field, which is surrounded by an iron fence.
There are people playing football on the football field, which is surrounded by an iron fence.
There is a highway.
On sides of the highway is water.
There are many cars on the highway.
We can see three huge ships on the water.
There are many yachts on the water.
There are three cars parked together.
There are three cars parked on one side of the road.
There are two black cars parked on one side of the road.
There is a white car parked on one side of the road.
The two black cars are police cars.
There is a bridge over the water where they row the boat.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
These people are rowing the boat extremely arduous.
The weather for their boating was very nice and sunny.
Cars are placed into many columns in the parking.
Between parking cars are three unsurfaced roads.
No one stand in the parking.
There is no activity in the parking.
Near the parking is many trees.
There are traffic accident wrecks on the road, and traffic police are standing by.
There are wrecks of traffic accidents on the road, and traffic police are standing by.
On the road, there are wrecks of traffic accidents, and traffic police are standing beside them.
The wreckage of a traffic accident is on the road, and traffic police are standing beside it.
There are wrecks of traffic accidents on the road, and traffic police are standing by.
Trees and lawns are beside the road, and people are running on the road.
The road is surrounded by trees and lawns, and there are people running on the road.
Beside the road are trees and lawns, and there are people running on the road.
A telephone pole is beside the road, and someone is running on the road.
The telephone pole is beside the road, and some people are running on the road.
Many fire trucks are dousing the fire.
Lots of fire trucks dousing the fire.
Firefighters fighting fire.
Firefighters extinguishing fire.
The firemen are fighting the fire.
Many vehicles appeared dilapidated after being soaked in floodwaters.
Some vehicles appeared dilapidated after being soaked in floodwater.
Many of the vehicles looked dilapidated after being soaked by the flood.
A lot of vehicles appeared dilapidated after being soaked by the floodwaters.
Many of the vehicles appeared dilapidated after being soaked in floodwaters.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
Every one of them was very prompt on their modified cycle.
The rhythm of their bicycles is extraordinary regular.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
There are many black-and-white police cars.
A white car parked near one side of the highway.
The white car parked is surrendered by many people.
The doors of the white car are open.
The doors of some police cars are open.
The snow on which they race cars is awfully large and wide.
These cars are racing with their lights on.
Their cars are professionally modified.
The cars they race are very speedy.
They are all alone driving these cars.
The bottom of the blue factory is flooded. The factory's road was also flooded.
Blue at the bottom of the factory was submerged by the flood. The road to the factory was also flooded.
The bottom of the blue factory building was flooded. The road to the factory was also flooded.
There are floods all over the factory. The road to the factory was also flooded.
The bottom of the blue workshop was flooded. The factory roads were also flooded.
Many houses and vehicles were flooded.
The flood inundated many houses and vehicles.
Floods flooded many houses and vehicles.
The flood submerged many houses and vehicles.
Floods inundated many houses and vehicles.
Some people swim by the boat during the day.
A few people swim by the boat during the day.
Someone swims by the boat during the day.
Several people swim by the boat during the day.
Several people take a swim by the boat during the day.
On the day of religious activities, people gather by the river.
Several religious believers were sitting in the middle of the river.
Several people sat in the middle of the river meditating.
On the day of religious activities, people along the river wear colorful clothes.
In places where religious activities are held,there are several rivers in the gathering place.
Many people swim by the sea, and there are mountains not far away.
A lot of people swim by the sea, and there are mountains not far away.
On the hill by the sea there are many buildings.
Many buildings are on the mountain near the sea.
There are many people swimming by the sea, and there are mountains not far away.
There is a tractor on the farmland.
We can see a person stand on the farmland.
we can see a tractor ploughing on the farmland.
The land on the left of the tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the right of the tractor has been ploughed.
There is a highway.
On side of the highway are grasslands.
We can see mountains far away.
There is a lake.
There are some stones out of water in the lake.
Many individuals are waiting at the finish line for the approaching athletes.
A lot of individuals are waiting at the finish line for the athletes who are about to run.
There are many individuals waiting at the finish line for the athletes who are about to run.
A blue car parked nearby at the end of the run.
The end of the run has a blue car parked nearby.
There was a flood in the village. The house and the car were flooded.
Floods occurred in the village. The house and the car were flooded.
There was a flood in the village. Houses and cars were flooded.
The flood in the village. Houses and cars were flooded.
Houses and cars in the village were flooded. People are rowing boats.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There were some people watching them row the boat.
There are many trees on the shore where they row the boat.
There was a path on the shore where they rowed their boats.
Someone is swimming in the water.
There are people swimming in the water.
The water surface is relatively calm.
Someone is swimming in the water
Some people are swimming in the water.
There is a lake.
We can see ships on the lake.
Some people swim in the water.
The water looks green.
Most ships are white.
It is a cloudy day.
We can see mountains far away.
Some parts of mountains are covered by clouds.
There is a grass land.
The grass land looks yellow.
The rhythm of their bicycles is awfully regular.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
A green harvester is harvesting crops in a green field.
The green harvester reaps crops in green fields.
A green harvester reaps crops in a green field.
The green of the harvester to harvest the crops in the fields of green.
A green harvester in the green fields of harvest their crops.
They have a cycle race on the lawn on the mountain.
They had a cycle race on a extraordinary steep slope in the mountains.
Every one of them was very speedy on their modified cycle.
The rhythm of their bicycles is awfully regular.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
There are a lot of conflict going on here.
There are so many people in conflict here.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
A man is playing basketball.
Bright sunshine on basketball area.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
There is a pool next to the basketball court.
There was a car accident on the side of the road, leaving only the wreckage on the road.
A car accident happened on the side of the road, leaving only the wreckage on the road.
An accident happened on the side of the road, leaving only the wreckage on the road.
On the side of the road, there was a car accident, leaving only the wreckage on the road.
There was a car accident on the side of the road, leaving only the wreckage on the road.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
They ride their cycle extraordinary difficult.
They ride their cycle on extraordinary wide roads.
Every one of them was extraordinary prompt on their modified cycle.
The rhythm of their bicycles is very regular.
The landslide destroyed the railway and blocked the river.
Landslid caused the railway to be destroyed and the river blocked.
Landslides have destroyed railways and blocked rivers.
A landslide destroyed the railway and blocked the river.
Landslides destroyed railways and blocked rivers.
There was a traffic congestion on one side of the road, and many people got off the station on the road.
Traffic congestion happened on one side of the road, and many people got off the station on the road.
A traffic congestion happened on one side of the road, and many people got off the station on the road.
On one side of the road, there was a traffic congestion. Many people got off the station and were on the road.
There was a traffic congestion on one side of the road, and there were weeds beside the road.
Under the slope is water.
The water looks black.
There is a road on the land.
We can see a forest with neat boundary.
There is a mountain far away.
There is a highway.
We can see part of the electric poles.
There is a car on the road.
There is a silver car on the highway.
There is a silver car on the road at daytime.
There was a flood in the forest.
Houses and tree bases were soaked in floodwater.
Flooding in the forest. Houses and tree bases were soaked in floodwater.
There was a flood in the forest. The bottoms of houses and trees were soaked in floodwater.
Flooded in the forest. The bottoms of houses and trees were soaked by the floodwaters.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
This is a tremendous basketball court.
A man is playing basketball.
Road next to basketball court.
No one watched him play basketball.
A harvester was harvesting wheat in a dusty field.
Once more dust of a harvester in wheat harvest in the field.
A reaper harvests wheat in a dusty field.
A harvester harvests wheat in the dusty field.
The harvester is harvesting wheat in a dusty field.
Yellow harvesters cut grain and feed it to green trucks nearby.
The yellow harvester harvests grain and delivers it to the green truck next to it.
Yellow harvesters harvest grain and feed it to green trucks next to them.
Beside the yellow harvester harvest food while conveying to green truck.
The yellow harvester harvests the grain while delivering it to the green truck next to it.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
A number of people were walking and watching them row the boats.
The weather for their boating was very nice and sunny.
There are a lot of yachts where they row boats.
There is a blue tractor.
On the farmland is a blue tractor.
The blue tractor equip up a plough.
The tractor plough on the farmland.
We can see grass on the unploughed field.
A fire broke out on the prairie in autumn, sending up a cloud of black smoke.
Fire broke out in the fall of grassland, black smoke all over the sky.
A fire broke out on the grassland in autumn, sending black smoke all over the sky.
Fires broke out on the grasslands in autumn, sending up clouds of black smoke.
A fire broke out in the grassland in autumn, producing a sky of black smoke.
It is sunny at the party.
Two people in the party are lying on the railing.
The party is near a wall.
One person in the party sit on the chair.
There are many cars outside the wall of party.
There is a party on the sea.
One person in the party drive a yacht alone.
The person who drive a yacht alone wear blue shirt in the party.
One person drive a red and white yacht alone in the party
Most people in the party gather together on a ship.
Most people wear orange to attend religious activities.
People gathered on the main road to engage in religious activities.
During the religious ceremony, people held orange flags.
There are people of different ages in religion.
People headed together in one direction to the site of the religious activity.
There are many cars crowded together on one side of the road, and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
The traffic congestion happened on the road, with trees and houses beside it.
On one side of the road, many cars are crowded together, and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
Traffic congestion happened on the road, with trees and houses beside it.
There was a traffic congestion on the road, with trees and houses beside it.
Someone is playing football on the football field.
Some people are watching the football outside.
People are watching the football outside.
There are trees outside the football field.
There are high lights in the football field.
The flood flooded the trees. Only the top of the tree is above the water.
Water flooded the woods. Only the top of the tree is above the water.
The flood covered the forest. Only the top of the tree is above the water.
Water flooded the woods. Only the top of the tree is exposed above water.
The woods are still flooded. Only at the top of the tree in the water.
This is a huge baseball area.
In the afternoon, some people enjoy baseball on the baseball court.
Bright sunshine on baseball area.
No one watched them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball area.
We can see a waterfall on the cliff.
The is a road on the land.
Many cars are parked together.
Many people stand on the road near the cliff to enjoy the view of the sea.
There is a lake near the parking.
This is a tremendous baseball area.
Some people play baseball at night.
no one watched them play baseball.
Many cars parked near the baseball field.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
Children play football in the football field. There are trees nearby.
The children are playing football in the football field, and there are trees nearby.
Kids are playing football in the football field, and there are trees nearby.
The children play football in the football field, and there are houses nearby.
Kids play football in the football field, and there are houses nearby.
There are four huge basketball courts grouped together.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
They played basketball together late at night.
Road next to basketball court.
There are farmlands.
It is daytime.
We can see buildings far away.
Some farmlands are yellow.
Some farmlands are green.
The party in on the snow.
There are some balls in the party.
Some people in the party are taking photos.
Many people in the party are watching other people taking photos.
Some people in the party are selling things.
The debris flow with stone plants flows over the village road.
Debris flows with stone plants flow over the village roads.
A debris flow with stone plants flows over the village road.
Debris flow with stone plants flows over the village road.
Mudslides carried stone plants along the village road.
There are some cars on the road.
Near the road are colorful buildings.
No person stand on road.
There is no activity on the road.
Trees are planted on the sidewalk.
The night streets are crowded with people marching in protest.
On the streets at night, crowds of people marched in protest.
On the streets at night, crowds of people were marching in protest.
The streets were crowded with people marching in protest at night.
Night, in the streets of the crowded people in the protests.
Running alone on the dam
Run alone on the dam.
A man runs on the dam.
One is running on the dam, and there is a reservoir next to it.
There is a man running on the dam, and there is a reservoir next to it.
There is a room of a building.
We can see cracks on the wall.
The sofa looks dusty.
There are some stones on the dusty table.
There is an air conditioner.
There was a traffic jam on a Maise highway.
A traffic jam occurred on a Maise highway.
Traffic jam happened on a Maise highway.
The traffic jam happened on a Maise highway.
There was a traffic jam on Maise Highway.
A gray car and a red car were soaked in the floodwaters.
The grey car and the red car were soaked in floodwater.
A gray car and a soak in the red car was flood.
A grey car and a red car were soaked in the flood water.
The grey car and the red car were soaked in the flood water.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
One man is kicking the football into the goal, and another man is guarding the goal.
A man is kicking the football into the goal, and another man is guarding the goal.
There is a man kicking the football into the goal, and another man is guarding the goal.
A football field is surrounded by wooden boards.
Football field is surrounded by wooden boards.
The landslide caused the mountain to sag and create many cracks.
The landslide caused the mountain to sag and show many cracks.
Landslides lead to mountain depressions and many cracks.
The landslide caused the mountain to sag and appear many cracks.
Landslides cause mountain cave and appeared a lot of cracks.
Father and son are running in the football field.
There is a father and son running on the green lawn.
There is a father and son running on the green lawn with street lamps nearby.
Father and son are running on the green lawn, and there are street lamps nearby.
A father and son are running on the green lawn, and there is a football gate nearby.
Countless people marched through the streets with flags in protest.
Numerous people held flags in the streets to protest.
Thousands of people held flags in the streets to protest.
There are countless people holding flags in the streets to protest.
Countless people on the streets carrying flags protests.
A number of people play basketball at afternoon.
There are many trees around the basketball area.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
Lots of cars parked around the basketball court.
There are four large basketball courts here.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Many cars were parked near the construction site.
There is a very tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
There was a landslide and many cracks in the mountain.
The mountain collapsed and many cracks appeared.
A landslide occurred in the mountain and many cracks appeared.
Mountain landslide occurred and many cracks appeared.
There was a landslide in the mountain, and many cracks appeared.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a very tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Through days of difficult work by workers, the construction has taken on its basic shape.
There is a room of a building.
One wall of the room is broken.
We can see pictures in the room.
On the floor of the room is a mess.
We can see a clock on the wall.
The party take place on the rooftop.
There is a swimming pool in the party.
There are three parasols in the party.
Some people relax in the swimming pool at the party.
Some people relax on chairs at the party.
Here are a number of cars parked here to race.
They race cars at night.
Their cars are really cool.
They race cars on the road.
There are some people watching them race the car.
Many people run on the road with green lawns and trees on both sides.
A lot of people are running on the road. There are green lawns and trees on both sides of the road.
There are many people running on the road. There are green lawns and trees on both sides of the road.
Many people run on the road, which is paved with asphalt.
There are many people running on the road, and there are telephone poles beside the road.
There are many people watching the race on the runway.
A lot of people watched the race on the runway.
Next to the runway is a blue awning.
There are gas stations and trees beside the runway.
The runway has gas stations and trees.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also some houses on the shore of the boat race.
There were a lot of people on each of their little boats.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
Someone is swimming in very clear water in a bathing suit.
Some people are swimming in very clear water in bathing suits.
There are people swimming in very clear water in bathing suits.
A man in a bathing suit swims in very clear water.
Some people are swimming in very clear water in bathing suits.
A car collided with a railing and its body was deformed.
The car collided with a railing and its body was deformed.
An automobile collided with a railing and its body was deformed.
One car collided with a railing and its body was deformed.
An automobile collided with a railing and its body was deformed.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
They ride their cycle awfully arduous.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
There are many people doing cycle races on the ring road.
The weather was extraordinary nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a difficult hat while riding the cycle.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
A number of buildings are being constructing here.
There are many trees on the wetland.
Inside the wetland is a river.
There is no person on the wetland.
There is no activity on the wetland.
There is no activity on the wetland.
Red harvesters cut the crops and feed them into trucks with two pockets.
Red harvesters cut crops and feed them into trucks with two pockets.
The red harvester reaped the crops and fed them to a van with two pockets.
Red harvesters harvest crops while transporting grain to vans with two bags.
Red harvester to harvest the crops and food delivery to the van with two car pocket.
Someone is swimming in the swimming pool, and the swimming pool is divided into many spaces by several ropes.
Some people are swimming in the swimming pool, and the swimming pool is divided into many spaces by several ropes.
There are people swimming in the swimming pool, and the swimming pool is divided into many spaces by several ropes.
People are swimming in the swimming pool, and the swimming pool is divided into many spaces by several ropes.
Someone is swimming in the swimming pool, and the swimming pool is divided into many spaces by several ropes.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
This conflict brought together a awfully large number of people.
A large number of people gathered and conflicted.
Red harvesters harvest crops and feed them to green trucks nearby.
The red harvester reaps the grain and transfers it to the green truck next to it.
Red harvesters harvest grain as they transfer it to green trucks nearby.
Red harvesters harvest the grain and transfer it to green trucks nearby.
Beside the red harvester harvest food while conveying to the green truck.
There is a bridge across the river.
It is a cloudy day.
There are some ships on the river.
There is no activity on the river.
There is no activity on the bridge.
There are many tree which are higher than buildings.
Many cars are parked on sides of the road.
Some people walk on the sidewalk.
There are many clouds on the sky.
There is a black handrail on the right of the sidewalk.
There are many people walking on the sidewalk beside the street.
Beside the street there are many people walking in the sidewalk.
Many people are walking on the sidewalk beside the street.
A lot of people are walking on the sidewalk beside the street.
On the sidewalk beside the street, there are many people walking.
There are a lot of conflict going on here.
There are so many people in conflict here.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
There was a fire in a house in a residential area and black smoke was produced.
There was a fire in a house in a residential area with black smoke.
A house in a beautiful small village has a fire and black smoke.
A house in a small village with a beautiful setting was on fire and produced black smoke.
In a small village with beautiful environment, there was a fire in a house and black smoke was produced.
The traffic accident happened in the street, and many cars were stuck in the road.
A traffic accident happened in the street, and many cars were stuck in the road.
There was a traffic accident in the street, and many cars were stuck in the road.
An accident happened in the street, and many cars were stuck in the road.
There was a traffic accident in the street, and many cars were stuck in the road.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There are motor vehicles at the scene of the running competition.
Motor vehicles are at the scene of the running competition.
The running scene was stopped by a black board.
Many athletes were present at the running scene.
There are trees and houses on the running site.
Many people are turning and running to the next entrance.
A lot of people are turning and running to the next entrance.
There are many people turning to the next entrance.
Parking spaces are available near the running place.
The parking space is near the running place.
Traffic congestion happened on the road in the country.
The pond is near the road where the traffic congestion occurs.
There was a traffic congestion on the road in the country.
There is a pond near the road where traffic congestions occur.
The traffic congestion happened on the road in the country.
We can see pieces of buildings on the land.
Many wooden poles are used to support buildings.
There is a mess of building materials.
Some buildings still stand on the land.
Some buildings are broken.
This is an open-air rubber basketball court.
Some people play basketball at afternoon.
Bright sunshine on basketball area.
No one watched them play basketball.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
There is a beach.
We can see big stones on the beach.
The water looks green.
Some stones are wet.
There is a mountain with trees on it.
On the farmland is a red tractor.
The red tractor work on the farmland with a plough.
Most of the farmland is ploughed.
We can see cracks on the ploughed field.
The land on the left of the red tractor need to be ploughed.
A man is playing with a basketball.
On a road, a man is playing basketball.
There are two grass areas next to the road.
The man holds a basketball in his hands.
The man is walking forward with a basketball.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
No one watched them row the boat.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
There were a number of people watching them row the boat.
There are many buildings.
Old buildings huddle together.
On the left of the old buildings is a wasteland.
There is a yellow and red building.
We can see trees far away.
There was a house fire in the town that was producing a lot of white smoke. Fire trucks were fighting it on the street.
A house fire broke out in the town, producing a large amount of white smoke. Fire trucks fought it on the street.
There was a house fire in the town, which produced a lot of white smoke. Fire trucks were fighting the fire on the side of the street.
A house fire broke out in the town, producing a lot of white smoke. Fire trucks fought it on the street.
Fire broke out in the town has house produced a large number of white smoke, street fire engines for its fire.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already a number of equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
On the street next to the football field, there are countless people marching in protest.
In the street next to the football field, countless people are marching in protest.
The street next to the football field has countless people marching in protest.
Countless people marched in the streets beside the football stadium.
Football field at the side of the street with countless people in the protests.
Debris flow has made a mess of the land, which is about to drown the cars.
The mudslide left the land in such a mess that it threatened to drown cars.
The mudslide made a mess of the land and threatened to drown the cars.
The mudslide made a mess of the land and threatened to drown the car.
Debris flow will make a mess, land is submerged car.
A landslide occurred on a mountain full of plants, and many plants fell.
A landslide occurred on a mountain full of plants, and many plants fell.
There was a landslide on the mountain full of plants, and many plants fell.
The mountain full of plants suffered a landslide, and many plants fell.
Many plants fell off in a landslide on a mountain full of plants.
They ride their cycle awfully speedy.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The firemen are using a water cannon from a fire engine to put out the burning trees.
The firemen are using water cannons from fire trucks to put out the burning trees.
Firemen are using water cannons from fire trucks to put out the burning trees.
The firemen in the fire water cannon to fire extinguishing of trees.
There was a fire in a house far away in the countryside, and the sky was full of smoke.
Someone is running on the road. There are green lawns on both sides of the road.
There are people running on the road. There are green lawns on both sides of the road.
Someone is running on the road, and there are green lawns on both sides of the road.
There are people running on the road. There are trees and telephone poles on both sides of the road.
Some people are running on the road. There are trees and telephone poles on both sides of the road.
This is a big basketball court.
A number of people play basketball at afternoon.
Bright sunshine on basketball area.
No one watched them play basketball.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
There is a mess of building materials on the land.
We can see a building is under maintenance.
We can see many people walking through the mess on the land.
There are many wooden poles on the land.
We can see many wooden poles on the land.
There is a railway.
We can see a mountains.
There are many trees.
Some trees are green.
Some trees are yellow.
Fire engines on the road put out burning houses along country streets.
The fire engine on the road put out the burning house beside the country street.
The road fire engine put out the burning house on the side of the country street.
Road fire engines put out burning houses along country streets.
Path of the fire in the village streets near the burning house fire.
There is a sport court.
There are many spectator seats in the sport count.
Most spectator seats are red.
On the exit of the sport court is a highway.
The land in sport court looks green.
A lot of people run in the middle of the road. There are green lawns and white houses beside the road.
There are many people running in the middle of the road. There are green lawns and white houses beside the road.
Lots of people run in the middle of the road. There are green lawns and white houses beside the road.
Many people run in the middle of the road. There are green lawns and white houses beside the road.
A lot of people are running in the middle of the road. There are trees beside the road.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The road and the plants next to it were soaked by the floodwaters.
Roads and nearby plants were soaked by floodwaters.
The road and the plants next to it were soaked by the flood.
Beside the road and the plant was soaked by the flood.
The road and the plants nearby were soaked by the flood.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road, and there were many buildings beside it.
Many trees are near the road where traffic jams occur.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there were many buildings beside it.
There are many trees beside the road where traffic jams occur.
The traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there were many buildings beside it.
There is a red-and-white tractor.
The red-and-white tractor equip on a red plough.
The land on the right of the red-and-white tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the left of the red-and-white tractor has been ploughed.
The land which has been ploughed has many cracks on it.
Traffic jam happened at the intersection of the road, and there were tall buildings along the road.
There was a traffic jam at the intersection of the road, and there were many buildings not far away.
The traffic jam happened at the intersection of the road, and there were tall buildings along the road.
Traffic jam happened at the intersection of the road, and there were many buildings not far away.
A traffic jam happened at the intersection of the road, and there were tall buildings along the road.
A fire broke out in the house next to Forest Street. The fire engine put out the fire.
Forest street near the house there was a fire. Fire extinguishing generated a lot of white smoke.
A fire broke out in the house next to forest street. Fire engines put out the fire.
Fire trucks put out a fire next to Forest Street.
A fire broke out in the house next to Forest Street. A fire engine put out the fire, creating a lot of white smoke.
Near the farmland are trees.
We can see a tractor on the land.
The unploughed fields look white.
The tractor plough on the farmland.
We can see a tractor ploughing at daytime.
People take party at daytime.
Someone in the party is shirtless.
People stand on grass in the party.
Someone hold cups on their hands in the party.
There is a white wooden wall and a brown wooden wall around the party.
This is a large baseball area.
A number of people play baseball at night.
No one watched them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
A number of buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a very large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
On the right of the photo is a river.
There are some dark clouds in the sky.
We can see a bridge on the river.
There is a highway and a y-like sidewalk.
There is a grass land between the roads and the river.
Countless people were marching in the streets on both sides of the trees.
There were countless people marching in the streets on both sides of the trees.
In the streets lined with trees, countless people were marching in protest.
There are thousands of trees on both sides of the streets in protest.
There are countless people marching and protesting in the streets on both sides of the trees.
There are many people doing cycle races on the ring road.
The weather was awfully nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
They ride cycle in the snow.
Firefighters in the village put out a fire on a ladder to put out a burning house with black smoke.
In the village, firefighters put out the fire on the ladder for the burning house.
Firefighters in the village put out a fire on a ladder to put out a house burning with black smoke.
Firefighters in the village use water from a fire truck on a ladder to put out a fire in a house.
Village firefighters used water from a fire engine to put out a fire at a dilapidated house.
Many trucks are crowded together, and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
Traffic congestion happened on the road, and the road was surrounded by desert.
A traffic congestion happened on the road, and the road was surrounded by desert.
There are many trucks crowded together, and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
Traffic congestion happened on the road, and the road was surrounded by desert.
We can see the setting sun on the upper of the photo.
Many trees live on the mountain.
There is a road without car on the mountain.
There is no car on the road.
No person stand on the road.
There is a sport court.
There are many spectator seats in the sport court.
The spectator seats look green.
Outside the sport court are many buildings.
The photo is taken at daytime.
The pond near the village was filled with flood water. The overflow spread over the village roads.
Villages near the pond was filled by the flood. The overflow spread over the village roads.
The pond beside the village was flooded. Overflow water spread over the village roads.
Spilled water diffuses onto the road in the village. The pond beside the village was flooded.
The pond next to the village was flooded. The overflowing water filled the roads of the village.
Many people stand in lines.
People stand near a glass building.
We can see white lines on the floor under people.
There are some orange and white object around the grass wall.
We can see a red-and-yellow parasol and a blue-and-yellow one by reflection through the grass.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
This man rowed a boat in the evening.
He was rowing a boat by himself with two oars.
The water on which he rowed was extremely calm.
There are a lot of trees near the water for boating.
A green harvester was reaping in a golden field.
Golden a green harvester at harvest the crops in the field.
A green harvester was harvesting crops in a golden field.
The green harvester is harvesting the crops in the golden field.
A green harvester harvests crops in a golden field.
This is a tremendous baseball area.
Some people play baseball at afternoon.
next to the baseball field is a mountain.
A lot of people are watching them play baseball.
They play baseball on a rubber area.
The car is smoking white at once.
There are two cars colliding on the zebra crossing.
The two cars collided on the zebra crossing.
There are many people watching the traffic accident.
A lot of people were watching the traffic accident.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and traffic was smooth on the other side.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road, and the traffic on the other side was smooth.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road, and there were many houses around.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there were many houses around.
The traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and the traffic on the other side was smooth.
Six cars are parked on the side of the left road.
One car drive on the left road.
We can see a T-like crossing with three zebra crossings in the photo.
Three cars on the right road are ready to turn left.
We can see a white sculpture on the sidewalk at the upper part of the photo.
This is a large baseball area.
In the morning, a number of people play baseball on the baseball court.
No one watched them play baseball.
There is a road near the baseball area.
There is a large grass area on the baseball area.
Two main highway cross together.
We can see groups of buildings stand separately.
We can see groups of buildings stand separately.
Some parts of the land are covered by clouds.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There a basketball court and a tennis court at the right bottom of the photo.
We can see three main roads on the photo.
Most land are covered by trees.
We can see many water areas on the top half of the photo.
On the right bottom of the photo is a building with swimming pool.
This is a immense baseball area.
Some people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
There are many people running on the road. There are many trees near the road.
Many people are running on the road. There are many trees near the road.
A lot of people are running on the road. There are many trees near the road.
There are many people running on the road. There are houses near the road.
A lot of people run on the road, and there are houses near the road.
Under the bridge and on the road of the building, there are many people marching in protest.
The bridges and roads under the building are crowded with people marching in protest.
This dense crowd of people marched in protest on the bridges and roads under the building.
On the Bridges and roads below the building, there were crowds of people marching in protest.
Under the building of roads and Bridges have the people crowded in the protests.
Many people are running on the road. There is a white shade umbrella in the middle of the road.
A lot of people are running on the road. There is a white shade umbrella in the middle of the road.
There are many people running on the road, and there is a white shade umbrella in the middle of the road.
Many people run on the road, and there is green grass beside the road.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there is green grass beside the road.
This is a large baseball area.
Some people play baseball at night.
There are iron fences around the baseball area.
This is a immense baseball area.
This is a concrete baseball field.
In the street below many people are marching in protest.
There are many people marching and protesting in the street downstairs.
On the street downstairs, many people are marching in protest.
In the street below, many people were marching in protest.
Downstairs on the streets of many people in the protests.
Many people were watching the religious activities.
Many people gathered for a religious activities.
Many people were watching the religious activities.
Many people gathered for a religious activities.
A few people were carrying sticks for religious activities.
There is a road.
There are some spectator seats near the road.
There are many trees.
It is a foggy day.
We can see marks on sides of the road.
We can see three tractors on the land.
Black smoke billow from the tractors.
Some part of the farmland are covered with grass.
The land has been ploughed looks wetter than the unploughed one.
Most part of the farmland need to be ploughed.
There are two highways.
There are many cars on the highways.
It is daytime.
Between highways is a grassland with lamps on it.
On sides of highways are trees.
In the evening, the lights are on in the football field, and some people are playing in the field.
At night, the lights are on in the football field, and some people are playing in the field.
There are lights on in the football field at night, and some people are playing in the field.
In the evening, the lights are on in the football field, and there is an audience next to it.
The lights are on in the football field at night, and there is an audience next to it.
The weather was awfully nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
There is no plants on the farmland.
On the farmland is a red tractor.
The red tractor equip up a red plough.
The land on the left of the red tractor is ploughed.
The land on the right of the red tractor need to be ploughed.
In the evening, there are several cars driving in the clearing.
At night, there are several cars driving in the clearing.
There are several cars driving in the clearing at night.
Several cars are driving in the clearing at night.
At night, there are several cars driving in the clearing.
There was a fire at a villa next to the river and there was a lot of white smoke and the firemen had almost put it out.
A villa by the river was caught in a fire that produced a lot of white smoke. Firefighters have almost extinguished the fire.
There was a fire in a villa by the river, which produced a lot of white smoke. The firemen had almost put it out.
A fire broke out in a house near the river was produced a large number of white smoke. Firemen have put out the fire quickly.
There was a fire in a villa next to the river. There was a lot of white smoke. The firemen had almost put out the fire.
The weather was awfully nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
There will also be some weeds on the side of the road where they race their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
At night harvesters cut wheat in the fields with their lights on.
Harvesters cut wheat in the fields at night with the lights on.
At night harvesters cut wheat in the fields with lights on.
Harvesters cut wheat in the fields at night with their lights on.
Harvest the wheat harvester at night in the fields with the lights on.
There was a flood in the town. Cars and houses in the street were flooded.
Cars and houses on the streets of the town were flooded.
The town was flooded. Cars and houses in the street were flooded.
Cars and houses on the town's streets were flooded.
Cars and houses on the streets of the town were flooded.
There are two highways.
Between the highways are trees.
We can see many cars on the highways.
There are many cars on the highways.
On the highways are many cars.
The building was destroyed by a landslide, and the scene was a mess.
Buildings were destroyed by landslides, and the scene was a mess.
When the building was destroyed by a landslide, the scene was a mess.
Building was destroyed by landslide, and the scene was a mess.
The building was destroyed by a landslide, and the scene was a mess.
On the street, there are many people holding flags in protest.
People in the street are marching in protest with flags.
A crowd of people marched in protest with flags on the street.
The streets were crowded with people holding flags in protest.
On the streets of people carrying flags in the protests.
The green wheat reaper harvests the wheat and delivers it to the green truck.
A green wheat harvester harvests the wheat and transports it to the green truck.
Green mowers cut the wheat into green trucks.
The green wheat reaper harvested the wheat and transported it to the green truck.
Green mowers cut the wheat and feed it into green trucks.
There is a red car.
The red car is parked on one side of highway.
Many police cars are parked near the red car.
Some part of the red car is broken.
There are many policemen standing on the highway.
There is a mountain.
The mountain is covered by snow.
There is a bridge.
The river froze over.
The photo is taken at daytime.
A few people are having a party.
There is a sofa at the party.
The party is near some trees.
There are many pillows at the party.
Some people are drinking at the party.
There is a grassland.
There is a gray building on the grassland.
We can see trees on the grassland.
There is a road.
It is daytime.
There is a slope on the mountain.
There are some trees fall down on the land.
We can see three excavators.
There are two blue excavators.
There is a yellow excavator.
The house was on fire in the village, firefighters on the ladder of high-pressure water gun to put out the fire with fire trucks.
A house fire broke out in the village, and firemen extinguish it with water cannons on the ladder of a fire engine.
The house in the village caught fire and firefighters put it out with a water cannon on a fire engine ladder.
A fire broke out in the house in the village. Firemen used water cannons on the ladder of the fire engine to put out the fire.
The house in the village there was a fire. Firefighters on the ladder truck with high-pressure water gun to fire.
Many women gather for religious activities.
Many women dressed in colorful clothes gathered for religious activities.
Many women gather for religious activities.
Many women dressed in colorful clothes gathered for religious activities.
Many women gather for religious activities.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The atmosphere of this concert is extraordinary cheerful, singing and dancing.
The people at this concert were extraordinary happy and extremely relaxed.
People would dance to the rhythm of the concert.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
We can see a blue tractor.
The blue tractor equip on a red plough.
We can see grass on unploughed land.
Most land need to be ploughed.
There are some trees near the farmland.
There is a lake.
The water in the lake is green.
The water in the lake looks green.
There are some white ships on the water.
On the water are white ships.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
There are many people doing cycle races on the ring road.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
It was very difficult for this man to ride his cycle on a small hill.
Some people are playing football on the football field, surrounded by trees and houses.
There are people playing football on the football field, surrounded by trees and houses.
People are playing football on the football field, surrounded by trees and houses.
There are people playing football on the football field, and there are cars on the road next to them.
Somebody is playing football on the football field, and there are cars on the road next to it.
Landslides cause rivers to be submerged and the environment to be destroyed.
Damaged river flooded, the environment is destroyed.
Landslid caused rivers to be submerged and the environment to be destroyed.
The landslide caused the river to be submerged and the environment to be destroyed.
Landslide caused rivers to be submerged and the environment to be destroyed.
There is a blue tractor working on the farmland.
There is a blue tractor ploughing on the farmland.
We can see some plants on the unploughed land.
The land on the left of the blue tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the right of the blue tractor has been ploughed.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also some houses on the shore of the boat race.
Lots of cars parked there on the shore of the boat race.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
There is a road.
Poles stand on left of the road.
There are farmlands on sides of the road.
It is daytime.
We can see buildings and trees far away.
There are bricks on the land.
There are pieces of buildings on the land.
Parts of a building fall into pieces.
We can see big concrete blocks on the land.
There are some wooden materials on the land.
There are many people playing football in the football field.
Many people are playing football in the football field.
A lot of people are playing football in the football field.
Surrounded by the iron fence of the football field.
It was surrounded by the iron fence of the football field.
The weather was also very nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
We can see a farmland.
There is a red tractor on the farmland.
The ploughed land looks neat.
Most part of the farmland need to be ploughed.
A red tractor plough on the farmland.
Some people are swimming in the water, and the water surface is relatively calm.
Someone is swimming in the water, and the water surface is relatively calm.
There are people swimming in the water, and the water surface is relatively calm.
People are swimming in the water, and the water surface is relatively calm.
There are people swimming in the water, and the water surface is relatively calm.
This is a big open-air concert.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
The harvester harvests the crops and delivers the grain to another truck. Truck loads crops.
Harvester to harvest the crops and food deliveries to another on a truck. Trucks load crops.
The harvester harvests the crops and transports the grain to another truck. The truck loads crops.
A harvester harvests the crops and transports the grain to another truck. The truck is loading crops.
The harvester cuts the crop and transfers it to another truck. The truck loaded the crops.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
We can see many trees far away.
Two road on sides of the river is unsurfaced.
We can see neat farmlands near roads.
It is a sunny day.
There is a small bridge over the water.
Harvester harvesting crops in the field in the evening.
The harvester reaped the crops in the fields in the evening.
Harvester harvesting crops in the field at evening.
In the evening harvester in harvesting crops in the field.
Harvesters cut crops in the fields in the evening.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there is green grass beside the road.
There are many people running on the road, and there is green grass beside the road.
Lots of people are running on the road, and there is green grass beside the road.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there are trees nearby.
There are many people running on the road, and there are trees nearby.
There are people on the football field.
There are amusement facilities and trees near the football field.
Someone is on the football field, and there are amusement facilities and trees near the football field.
Some people are on the football field, and there are amusement facilities and trees near the football field.
People are on the football field, and there are amusement facilities and trees near the football field.
In the winter there was a fire in a building far away in the city.
Winter city a fire broke out in the building in the distance the sky black smoke.
In winter a fire broke out in a building far away in the city, sending black smoke into the sky.
In the winter a fire broke out in a building far away in the city, sending up clouds of black smoke.
In winter a fire broke out in a distant building in the city, sending up clouds of black smoke.
On the left part of the photo is a part of a lake.
There is a surfaced road going through trees.
There is a white boundary on the left of the road.
Most trees look green while others look white.
There is no car on the road.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The atmosphere of this concert is very cheerful, singing and dancing.
The people at this concert were extraordinary happy and extremely relaxed.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle very speedy.
The traffic jam happened on one side of the road at night, and the other side of the road was clear.
A traffic jam happened on one side of the road at night.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road at night, and the other side of the road was clear.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road at night.
At night there was a traffic jam on one side of the road.
It is a cloudy day.
The sky is blue-and-white.
We can see a lake in the middle of the photo.
On the bottom of the photo are buildings surrendered with trees and cars.
It is daytime when the photo is taken.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide down, crushing the houses under the mountain.
A landslide caused the mountain to slide down, crushing the houses under the mountain.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide down and crushed the houses under the mountain.
Landslid caused the mountain to slide down, crushing the houses under the mountain.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide down, crushing the house below it.
Many people play in the swimming pool, and the water in the pool is very clear.
There are many people playing in the swimming pool, and the water in the pool is very clear.
A lot of people play in the swimming pool, and the water in the pool is very clear.
Lots of people play in the swimming pool, and the water in the pool is very clear.
There are many people playing in the swimming pool, and the water in the pool is very clear.
There is a football court.
The floor of the football court looks green.
We can see white marks on the floor of football court.
Around the football court are spectator seats.
The spectator seats are white.
There is a swimming pool in the party.
The water of swimming pool looks blue in the party.
There are two cars around the party.
Some people in the party sit on chairs.
Some people in the party are swimming.
Landslides flooded rivers and destroyed the environment.
Landslides cause flooding of rivers and damage to the environment.
Damaged river flooded, the environment is destroyed.
The landslide caused the river to be submerged and the environment to be destroyed.
Landslide caused rivers to be submerged and the environment to be destroyed.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
People in the conflict put up signs in protest.
During the conflict, some activists will burn flags and other items to express protest.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The lights on the concert venue are awfully bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
The water, mixed with mud, covered the underside of lawns and trees.
Water mixed with mud covered the base of lawns and trees.
The flood covered lawns and the base of trees with mud.
The water, mixed with mud, covered the base of lawns and trees.
Floods mixed with mud drowned lawns and the bases of large trees.
There are a lot of conflict going on here.
There are so many people in conflict here.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
Some people play basketball at night.
There is a tremendous rubber basketball court here.
Many people are watching them play basketball.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
Several electric cars parked next to the basketball court.
Many people are running on the road, and there is a green lawn near the road.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there is a green lawn near the road.
Lots of people are running on the road, and there is a green lawn near the road.
Many people are running on the road, and there is a basketball court near the road.
There are many people running on the road and there is a basketball court near the road.
This is a professional basketball court indoors.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
There are two people watching them play basketball.
They play basketball extraordinary difficult.
There was a group of people playing basketball together.
This is a construction site beside a creek.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a very tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
There are many buildings.
Two similar buildings are skew.
Two similar buildings are broken.
One building twist a little.
We can see smog between two broken buildings
There is a building with red roof.
We can see a room in the building.
One wall of the building is missing.
The room looks dusty.
Two wooden cupboard fall down in the room.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The weather was also very nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
The three harvesters are reaping the crops in the field.
These three harvesters are reaping the crops in the field.
Three harvesters were reaping the crops in the field.
The three harvester at harvest the crops in the field.
Three harvester at harvest the crops in the field.
A motorcycle had a traffic accident on the road.
There was a motorcycle traffic on the road.
A motorcycle appeared in traffic on the road.
A motorcycle had a traffic accident on the road.
There was a motorcycle traffic on the road.
This is a large baseball area.
In the afternoon, some people enjoy baseball on the baseball court.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
There is a gray building.
Parts of the gray building is broken.
We can see little stones on the building.
Some bricks of the building fall into pieces.
We can see pieces of bricks on the building.
It is a cloudy day.
There is a grass land.
We can see many trees on the grass land.
Many trees live on the grass land.
Many trees stand on the grass land.
A red harvester was harvesting wheat in the field.The red tractor is loading wheat.
Red tractor loaded with wheat. A red harvester is harvesting wheat in the field.
Two red farm vehicles cooperate in the field.
The red tractor is loading wheat. red harvester in wheat harvest in the field.
Two red field farm vehicles in mutual cooperation.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
They had a cycle race on a very steep slope in the mountains.
They ride their cycle on awfully wide roads.
The weather was extraordinary nice when they raced their cycle.
There are some cars parked near the broken buildings.
The cars look dusty.
We can see holes on the broken building.
We can see cracks on the broken building.
There is a mess of building materials.
A white yacht caught fire and sent up a cloud of black smoke.
The white yacht caught fire and smoked black.
A white yacht caught fire and sent plumes of black smoke.
The white yacht caught fire and black smoke came out.
A white yacht the blazing fire of black smoke.
There was a car accident on the road, and the car was burned, leaving only the shelf.
A car accident happened on the road, and the car was burned, leaving only the shelf.
An accident happened on the road, and the car was burned, leaving only the shelf.
The road had a car accident, and the car was burned, leaving only the shelf.
There was a car accident on the road, and the car was burned, leaving only the shelf.
A traffic accident happened on the racing track, and thick smoke came out.
There was a traffic accident on the racing track, and thick smoke came out.
The car had a traffic accident on the track, and thick smoke came out.
An accident happened on the racing track, and thick smoke came out.
There was a traffic accident on the racing track, and thick smoke came out.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The atmosphere of this concert is very cheerful, singing and dancing.
This is a huge basketball court.
In the morning, some people enjoy basketball on the basketball court.
There are many trees around the basketball area.
No one watched them play basketball.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
On the day of religious activities, the place is beside a river.
On religious day, women wear orange clothes.
Some people stood on the shore, some people stood in the water.
There is a blue corridor like a door on the bank.
Women wear orange clothes.
We can see three cars.
There are three cars at night.
The car in the middle is a police car.
The police car is in the middle of three cars.
We can see a police man getting out of the police car.
The flood inundated the fields and roads in the countryside. Many vehicles were crowded on the roads that were not flooded.
Floods inundated fields and roads in the countryside. Many vehicles crowded the flooded highway.
The flood inundated fields and roads in the countryside. Many cars were jammed on the unflooded highway.
Floods inundated fields and roads in rural areas. Many vehicles crowded the submerged highway.
The floods covered the fields and rural roads. Many traffic on the highway not flooded.
The party is on the grass.
People in the party gather together.
There are many bags in the party.
There are some tables in the party.
There are some trees in the party.
The mudslide swept away houses under the trees and left a mess.
Mudslides tore through houses under trees and left a mess.
Mudslides house under the trees, make a mess.
The debris flow destroyed the houses under the trees and made a mess.
A mudslide destroyed houses under trees and made a mess.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also some houses on the shore of the boat race.
There are many trees near where they row the boat.
These people are rowing the boat extraordinary difficult.
On the street, fire engines were working to extinguish brown houses that had been burning by the lake, producing black smoke.
Fire trucks on the street were fighting a brown house that was producing black smoke from a fire near the lake.
On the street, fire engines were working to extinguish brown houses that were producing black smoke from a fire on the lake.
On the street, fire trucks were putting out brown houses that had been burning by the lake, sending up black smoke.
On the streets of the fire in the lake of fire to produce black smoke brown house fire.
There was a traffic accident in a red car, and its body was deformed.
A red car had a traffic accident and its body was deformed.
The red car had a traffic accident and its body was out of shape.
An accident happened to a red car, and its body was deformed.
A red car had a traffic accident and its body was deformed.
There was a landslide on the green mountain in the distance, and many trees fell to the bottom of the mountain.
There was a landslide on the verdant mountains in the distance, and many trees fell to the bottom.
A landslide happened on the green mountain in the distance, and many trees fell to the bottom of the mountain.
In the distance, there was a landslide on the green mountain, and many trees fell to the bottom of the mountain.
The distant green mountain suffered a landslide, and many trees fell to the bottom of the mountain.
We can see a red plough.
The red plough is equipped on a green tractor.
Most part of the land is covered by yellow crops.
Most part of the land need to be ploughed.
The land on the left of the tractor is ploughed.
Many cars are crowded together, and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
The white grid on the ground of the road where traffic congestions occur.
There are many cars crowded together, and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
White grid on the ground of the road where traffic congestions occur.
A lot of cars are crowded together, and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
There are many cars crowded together, and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
Many cars are crowded together. There seems to be a traffic congestion.
There are many cars crowded together and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
A lot of cars are crowded together. There seems to be a traffic congestion.
There are many cars crowded together, and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
There were a lot of people around the track watching their cars.
They race cars on the road.
Their race cars are colorful.
They race cars at morning.
The cars they race are very speedy.
There are many police cars on the highway.
On the highway are many cars.
A red car parked on the road is broken.
A red car is surrounded by police cars.
Doors of police cars are open.
There is a overpass.
We can see many cars on the overpass.
The seven similar white cars are police cars.
The seven police cars run after a black car.
In front of the seven police cars is a black car.
A fire broke out in a building on the side of the street. Firefighters put out the fire with water cannons.
The white-sided and black-roofed buildings on the street caught fire. Firefighters are using high-pressure water cannons to put out the fire.
A fire broke out in a white-sided, black-roofed building next to the street. Firefighters used water cannons to extinguish the flames.
Street a white black top floor there is a fire, a lot of white smoke from. Firefighters used water cannons to put out the fire.
A fire broke out in a white-sided, black-roofed building next to the street. Firefighters used water cannons to put out the flames.
The mudslide has knocked down many trees. The roads are covered with trees and mud.
Debris flow washed down many trees, and the roads were covered with trees and mud.
The mudslide knocked down many trees and covered the roads with trees and mud.
The mudslide knocked down many trees, and the roads were covered with trees and mud.
Mudslides rushed down a lot of trees, on the road around the trees, mud.Mudslides swept away houses under trees and left a mess.
Mudslides destroyed the house under the trees.
The debris flow flows down the village river.
The mudslide destroyed the house under the forest.
A mudslide destroyed the house under the trees.
The debris flow destroyed the house under the forest.
There are four cars.
We can see three police cars.
In front of the police cars is an orange car.
Some policemen stand near police cars.
Some policemen aim at the orange car.
It is a cloudy day.
There is a baseball court.
The floor in the baseball court is red and green.
We can see white marks on the floor in the baseball court.
It is a cloudy day.
Mudslides destroyed homes and left a mess.
Mudslides destroyed houses and left a mess.
A mudslide destroyed the house and caused a mess.
The muds destroyed the houses, causing a mess.
Mudslides destroyed houses and lead to chaos.
Here are a number of cars parked here to race.
They race cars at night.
They race cars on the road.
Their race cars are colorful.
A lot of people watched them race their cars from the outside of the track.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
They ride their cycle very difficult.
They ride their cycle on extraordinary wide roads.
The land was flooded with yellow floods.
Grey houses and black cars in the flood.
The land is submerged in yellow flood.
Grey houses and black cars are in the flood.
The gray houses and the black cars in the flood.
There are many people swimming in the water, and there are many waves in the water.
Many people swim in the water, and there are many waves in the water.
There are many people swimming in the sea, watching on the shore, and many trees nearby.
There are many people swimming in the water, and there are many waves in the water.
Many people are swimming in the sea, watching on the shore, and there are many trees nearby.
There are many cars on the road, and there are a few trees on the side of the road.
Many cars are driving on the road, and there are a few trees on the roadside.
A lot of cars are driving on the road, and there are a few trees on the roadside.
There are many cars on the road, and there are a few trees on the side of the road.
Many cars are driving on the road, and there are a few trees on the roadside.
There is a building.
One wall of the building break down.
We can see bricks inside walls.
There are cracks on the walls.
We can see things inside the building.
The weather was also awfully nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
The fierce brown mudslide was like a raging Wolf.
The fierce brown mudslide is like a wild Wolf Nutao.
A fierce brown debris flow is like a raging wolf.
Ferocious brown debris flow is like a raging wolf.
Fierce brown debris flow is like a raging wolf.
It is a cloudy day.
Under the sky is a part of a mountain.
Most parts of the mountain are unsurfaced stone and other parts are covered under grass.
We can see many peaks on the mountain.
There is no person on the mountain.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The atmosphere of this concert is extraordinary cheerful, singing and dancing.
The people at this concert were extraordinary happy and extremely relaxed.
People would dance to the rhythm of the concert.
This is a basketball court near the sea.
There are many boats around the basketball court.
Lots of cars parked around the basketball court.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
The basketball court was crowded with people watching the game.
There are two parkings on sides of the road.
Most cars are parked in the parking  at the bottom of the photo.
We can see a black car and a green one on the road.
We can see a black car and a green one on the road.
The photo is taken at daytime.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already a number of equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
It is a cloudy day.
There are many buildings.
Many trees are between buildings.
Many trees live between buildings.
Between buildings are trees.
They are racing cars on dirt roads.
This car kicks up a lot of dust from cornering.
They race cars when the weather is fine.
Their race cars are colorful.
Their cars are professionally modified.
This is a immense baseball area.
In the afternoon, a number of people play baseball on the baseball court.
There are many buildings next to the baseball field.
The baseball ground is inside the stadium.
The grass on the baseball area is very large.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The weather was also awfully nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
Someone is swimming in the water, the water is blue, and there is a pebble hill beside it.
There are people swimming in the water, the water is blue, and there is a pebble hill beside it.
People are swimming in the water, the water is blue, and there is a pebble hill beside it.
Some people are swimming in the water, the water is blue, and there is a pebble hill beside it.
People are swimming in the water, the water is blue, and there is a pebble hill beside it.
There is a traffic jam on the roads in the desert, and yellow sand is beside the roads.
Traffic jam occurred on the roads in the desert, and yellow sand was beside the roads.
There was a traffic jam on the roads in the desert, and many trucks carrying goods were trapped on the roads.
The roads in the desert are crowded with traffic, and yellow sand is beside the roads.
There was traffic jam on the roads in the desert, and yellow sand was beside the roads.
Two men were reaching the end of a running race.
The two men were about to reach the end of the running race.
There were two large white umbrellas beside the end of the running race.
Next to the end of the race, there are two great white umbrella.
Two people was just about to reach the end of the race.
There is a river.
We can see white waves in the river.
On sides of the river are trees.
There are trees on sides of the river.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There is a red harvester harvesting crops.
Here's a red harvester harvesting crops.
There is a red harvester at harvest the crops.
Here is a red harvester harvesting crops.
A red harvester reaps crops in a golden field.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
On one side of the road, there are many cars crowded on one side, and there is a traffic congestion.
Traffic congestion happened on the road, and there were many high-rise buildings around.
There are many cars crowded on one side of the road, and there is a traffic congestion.
The traffic congestion happened on the road, and there were many high-rise buildings around.
Many cars crowded on one side of the road, causing traffic congestion.
There is a sharp bend in the road.
we can see white and red roadblocks form an arc and other roadblocks form a straight line.
Many car are placed into three pieces.
Outside the road and parking is a wasteland.
We can see some trees on the wasteland.
The fire broke out in the house near the woods. Firefighters had put out half of the fire.
A fire broke out in the house near the woods.Firefighters had already put out half of the fire.
Fire broke out in the woods beside the house, firefighters have half of the fire.
A fire broke out in a house next to the woods, and the firefighters had put out half of the fire.
The fire broke out in the house near the woods.Firefighters had already put out half of the fire.
The autumn flood covered the white houses and bare trees.
In the autumn, floods covered white houses and bare trees.
Autumn flood covered the White House and bare trees.
In autumn, the flood covered white houses and bare trees.
The autumn flood covered white houses and bare trees.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
The mud-rock flows under the steep mountain.
The mudslide flowed under the steep mountain.
Mudslides flowed under the steep mountain.
The mudslide flowed under the lofty mountain.
Debris flow in the majestic high mountain.
We can see a room of a building.
One wall of the room fall into pieces.
We can see concreted blocks on the floor.
We can see cracks on the concreted blocks.
The door of the room is out of its place.
A few people are having a party.
There is a party on the sea.
There is a party on the ship.
It is cloudy at the party.
There are some balloons at the party.
We can see snow on the land and roofs.
There is a red machine working.
There are bricks on the land under snow.
On the the right of the red machine is a mess.
Some parts of the buildings is broken.
There was a flood on the plain. A lot of land is under water. Some green plants are sticking out.
The plain was flooded. A lot of land is under water. Some green plants are sticking out.
A lot of land is under water. Some green plants are sticking out.
Much land is under water. Some green plants are sticking out.
Many of the land was flooded. Some green plants are coming out.
We can see grasses on the farmland.
The grasses are green.
There is a green tractor on the farmland.
The green tractor equip up a blue plough.
There is no grass on the ploughed land.
There is a plough on the farmland.
The plough is connected to a blue tractor.
There are grasses on unploughed land.
Most of the farmland need to be ploughed.
The blue tractor plough on the farmland.
The man wore professional clothes and hats and rode his cycle on the road in the field.
They ride their cycle on extraordinary wide roads.
Every one of them was extraordinary speedy on their modified cycle.
The rhythm of their bicycles is very regular.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
The fall of the mountain caused many plants to disappear, exposing white stones.
The mountain falls off and many plants disappear, exposing white stones.
Many plants disappear when the mountain falls off, exposing white stones.
The shedding of the mountain caused many plants to disappear, revealing white stones.
Mountain fall caused many plants to disappear, exposing white stones.
There was a house in the village that had been destroyed beyond recognition. Firefighters were trying to extinguish it with water cannons on their fire trucks,
One of the houses in the village was destroyed beyond recognition by the fire. Firemen were trying to put out the fire with water cannons on fire trucks.
A house in the village was destroyed beyond recognition. Firefighters were trying to extinguish the fire with water cannons on fire trucks.
Village has destroyed by fire to the house of recognition. Firefighters in fire water cannon to fire on the car.
One of the houses in the village was destroyed beyond recognition by the fire. Firemen were trying to extinguish the fire with water cannons on fire trucks.
A number of buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take a number of time to complete.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
This is a construction site in the snow.
A few people are having a party.
People are on the chairs at the party.
The party is near a building.
There are two cars at the party.
There are some grass at the party.
There are many signs around the track where they race.
Their cars are professionally modified.
The cars they race are very speedy.
They are all alone driving these cars.
Their race cars are colorful.
This is a immense baseball area.
Some people play baseball at afternoon.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
no one watched them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
There are a lot of steel bars on this construction site.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
Landslides caused cracks in roads and mountains.
The landslide caused many cracks in roads and mountains.
Landslid caused many cracks in roads and mountains.
Many cracks appeared in roads and mountains due to landslides.
Damaged roads and mountain appeared a lot of cracks.
Raging flood scour the plant rushed down the tree.
The fast-flowing water toppled trees and washed plants.
Rushing water washed down trees and washed vegetation.
Rapid flood washed down the trees and washed away the plants.
The fast-flowing water washed down trees and washed plants.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
These people are rowing the boat very hard.
The water on which they rowed the boat was extremely calm.
No one watched them row the boat.
The big green harvester harvests crops in the field.
A large green harvester harvests crops in the field.
Green big harvesters harvest crops in the fields.
Large green harvesters harvest crops in the fields.
Green large harvester to harvest the crops in the fields.
There are many people running on the road. There are many trees near the road.
Many people are running on the road. There are many trees near the road.
A lot of people are running on the road. There are many trees near the road.
Many people are running on the road, and there are many onlookers near the road.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there are many onlookers near the road.
The houses along the road burst into flames, and the black roofs of the doused parts were exposed.
Houses on the side of the road burst into flames, and the black roofs of the doused parts were exposed.
The houses along the road were in flames, and the doused parts of the black roof were exposed.
Houses along the road burst into flames, and the doused part of the black roof was exposed.
Road near the house a blazing fire, produced a large number of black smoke.
Car racing on the track.
Race car sped on the track.
The racing car sped along the track.
Car racing on the track.
Race car sped on the track.
There is a building.
We can only see parts of the building.
Parts of the building is broken.
The floor of the building turn into pieces.
We can see steel bars used in the building.
There are four cars on the highway.
There are three police cars on the highway.
There is a silver car.
On the left of the silver car is a police car.
Behind the silver car is a police car.
Many people are running on the road, and there are green mountains nearby.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there are green mountains nearby.
Lots of people are running on the road, and there are green mountains nearby.
Many people are running on the road and there are many yellow cars nearby.
A lot of people are running on the road and there are many yellow cars nearby.
There is a parking.
There are many cars in the parking.
It is a cloudy day.
The floor of the parking is white and black.
Near the parking are many trees.
In a place for religious activities have a handheld white fork white Buddha.
There is a big white Buddha holding a white fork in the place where the religious activities are held.
There is a white religious sculpture in the place where religious activities are held.
There is a white religious sculpture in the place where the religious activities are held.
There is a white religious sculpture in the place where religious activities are held.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The lights on the concert venue are very bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are many buildings.
There is a slanting building.
Most buildings look complete.
There is a slanting building on the land.
We can see a slanting building.
There is a park.
There is a white circular ground in the center of the park.
There are many trees in the park.
There are many grass lands in the park.
The roads in the park are surfaced.
There is a farmland.
The tractors work on the farmland.
The tractors work at night.
Most part of the farmland needs to be ploughed.
The tractors have turn light on.
The lights on the concert venue are awfully bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
There is a farmland.
We can see a green tractor on the land.
A green tractor plough on the farmland.
Some parts of the farmland is ploughed.
The unploughed land looks yellow and green.
On the day of religious activities, people gather by the river.
On the day of religious activities, people gathered in the middle of the dry river.
people gathered in the middle of the dry river, surrounded by red ribbons.
Most of the black people gathered in the middle of the dry river.
On the day of religious activities, there are shelves beside the river.
There were two cars in a traffic accident on the road, and many people were watching.
There were two car accidents on the road, and many people were watching.
There were two cars in a traffic accident on the road, and another car stopped at the side of the road.
On the road, two cars had a traffic accident, and many people were watching.
Two cars had a traffic accident on the road, and another car was parked on the side of the road.
Several farm vehicles were harvesting crops.
Some agricultural vehicles are harvesting crops.
Several agricultural vehicles at harvest the crops.
Some farm vehicles harvest crops.
Some farm vehicles are harvesting crops.
No one watched them row the boat.
There was a mountain on the side of their boat.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
On the day of religious activities, gather on the main road.
On the day of religious activities, few people gather on the main road.
People gathered on the main road and held luminous Buddha statues.
People gathered on the main road in the evening.
There were people holding shining Buddha statues.
A truck had a traffic accident, followed by two cars.
The truck is going to roll over.
There was a traffic accident in a truck, followed by two cars.
One truck had a traffic accident, followed by two cars.
An accident happened to a truck, followed by two cars.
The landslide shifted the mountain, creating large cracks.
The landslide caused the mountain to shift, creating large cracks.
Landslides that migration, the cracks appeared.
The landslide caused the mountain to shift, and large cracks appeared.
The landslide shifted the mountain and created large cracks.
The place where they race their cars is rough sand.
Their race cars are colorful.
This car kicks up a lot of dust from cornering.
They race cars when the weather is fine.
There was no one around the track where they raced their cars.
The land on the upper part of the photo has been ploughed.
The land on the bottom part of the photo need to be ploughed.
There is a tractor on the farmland.
The tractor is working on the unploughed land.
The tractor ploughs on the farmland.
There are many people with flags on the streets.
There are many people in the street with flags marching in protest.
There are many people holding flags in the streets in protest.
Many people are marching with flags in the streets.
Vehicles of the street there are a lot of people carrying flags in the protests.
There are two people swimming in the water.
Two people are swimming in the water.
Two people are swimming in water.
A couple of people are swimming in the water.
Two people are swimming in water.
There was a traffic accident beside the road.
There were green traders nearby.
A traffic accident happened beside the road, and there were green traders nearby.
There are several cars colliding.
There was a traffic accident beside the road, and there were green traders nearby.
There is a business street.
We can see shops on the street.
On sides of the street are buildings.
Many people walk on the street.
On the left side of the street are lamps.
Many people are marching in protest down the street.
A lot of people in the street are marching in protest.
Many people down the street are marching in protest.
Many people are marching down the street in protest.
Street under a lot of people in the protests.
There are two highways.
There are buildings placed in a neat way.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There are many cars on one highway and one car in another highway.
We can see black lamps between two highways.
There is a man waiting for swimming in the black sea by boat.
There is a man waiting to swim in the Black Sea by boat.
A man is waiting to swim in the Black Sea by boat.
One man is waiting to swim in the Black Sea by boat.
Someone is waiting to swim in the Black Sea by boat.
The mudslide covered the tires of many vehicles.
The mudslide submerged the tires of many vehicles.
Mudslides flooded many tires of the vehicle.
A mudslide flooded the tires of many vehicles.
Mudslides flooded the tires of many vehicles.
There are many trees.
We can see mountains far away.
There is snow on trees.
There is snow on mountains.
The trees are in the shade.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also some houses on the shore of the boat race.
These people are rowing the boat extraordinary difficult.
The water on which they rowed the boat was extraordinary calm.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
There is an silver building.
Part of the silver building is broken down.
We can see bricks of the silver building.
The silver building is under maintenance.
We can see lifting machines near the silver building.
People rush to a special place in this conflict.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
People in the conflict put up signs in protest.
The black-roofed house in the woods caught fire, sending out a cloud of black smoke.
A white-sided, black-roofed house in the woods went up in flames, sending up black smoke.
A house in the woods with white sides and black roofs went up in flames. Sending black smoke into the sky.
The black-roofed house in the woods was on fire, and black smoke was rising.
A white black on the top of the house in the woods with blaze produced black smoke.
Traffic jams occurred on many highways at dusk.
At dusk, traffic jams occurred on many highways.
A traffic jam occurred on several highways at dusk.
The traffic jam happened on many highways at dusk.
There were traffic jams on many highways at dusk.
There are a few green lands.
Between the green lands is unsurfaced road.
There is no person on the green lands.
There is no activity on the green lands.
There is no activity on the road.
The village was left in ruins as mudslides, mixed with trees, swept over homes.
The village was left in shambles as debris mixed with trees swept into many houses.
Mudslides, mixed with trees, swept into many houses and left the village in ruins.
Mudslides, mixed with trees, smashed into many houses and left villages in shambles.
Debris flow mingled with the trees to the many homes in the village.
The streets beneath the tall buildings were crowded with people marching in protest.
On the streets of high-rise buildings under the crowded people in the protests.
A crowd of people are marching in protest on the street under the tall buildings.
People are marching and protesting in the streets under tall buildings.
On the street under the tall building, there are many people marching in protest.
In the street below, many people were marching in dense protest.
Many people are marching and protesting in the streets downstairs.
A lot of people are demonstrating in the streets downstairs.
In the streets below, many people were marching in dense protest.
Downstairs in the streets of many people in the many protests.
A large number of people gathered and conflicted.
In this conflict, some people will smash cars.
People rush to a special place in this conflict.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
No one watched them play basketball.
A man is playing basketball.
This basketball court is awfully rudimentary.
Road next to basketball court.
Bright sunshine on basketball area.
On the running road, there is a small house nearby.
There is a gas station nearby on the running section.
On the road of the running competition, there is a green lawn and trees nearby.
There are many athletes running on the road, and there are houses nearby.
Many athletes run on the road and there are houses nearby.
They ride their cycle on awfully wide roads.
Every one of them was very speedy on their modified cycle.
The rhythm of their bicycles is awfully regular.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are three black cars and a white car.
The three black cars are police cars.
The white car is stopped by police cars.
Some policemen are out of cars.
The lights of police cars are on.
A fire broke out in the house on a winter night and the firemen put it out with a fire engine.
Winter night in the house there was a fire, firefighters put out the fire with fire.
A house fire broke out on a winter night, and firefighters put out the blaze with a fire truck.
There was a fire in the house on a winter night, and firefighters put out the fire with a fire truck.
A fire broke out in the house on a winter night, and the firemen put out the fire with a fire truck.
The weather was awfully nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
They have a professional cycle race on a ring road.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a very tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Green farm vehicles work in the fields.
A green farm vehicle is working in the field.
Green farm vehicles working in the fields.
A green farm vehicles working in the fields.
The green farm vehicle works in the field.
Most land near the highway is covered by soil.
We can see three cars on the highway.
There is a white truck on the highway.
After the white truck are two police cars.
The police cars are black-and-white.
The brown mudslide submerged large woods and village homes.
Brown mudslides submerged large areas of woods and homes in villages.
Brown mudslides submerged large areas of woods and village homes.
The brown debris flow flooded large areas of forest and village houses.
Brown mud covered the vast tracts of forest and the house of the village.
The mud-rock flowed down the leafy hill.
Debris flows rush down the mountain full of green trees.
Mudslides rush down the mountain full of green trees.
The mudslides were rushing down the hills full of green trees.
Mudslides in rushing down from the trees the mountains.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
There were many people dressed in black marching in the streets.
Many people in black are marching in protest on the street.
On the street, there are many people dressed in black marching in protest.
A lot of people in black are marching in the street to protest.
The street has many people wear black clothes in protests.
The house near the forest caught fire and created a lot of smoke.
The house near the forest caught fire and produced a lot of smoke.
A house next to the forest caught fire and produced a lot of smoke.
The forest near the house a blazing fire produced a lot of smoke.
A house next to the forest caught fire and produced a large amount of smoke.
This is a tremendous open-air basketball court.
This is a rubber-surfaced basketball court.
Bright sunshine on basketball area.
A number of people play basketball at afternoon.
Road next to basketball court.
It is at night.
We can see many buildings.
There is a water pool.
The lamps are on.
Some rooms' lights are on.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The road had a collision.
There was a collision on the road.
A collision occurred on the road.
Collision happened on the road.
There was a collision on the road.
Many people are having a party.
There are a lot of flowers at the party.
People are drinking at the party.
It is sunny at the party.
Most flowers at the party are purple.
There is a sport court.
There is a railway near the sport court.
There is a black board with red marks on it between the sport court and the railway.
There are two pillars on both side of the black board.
We can see white boundary around the sport court.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a awfully large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
Lots of cars parked there on the shore of the boat race.
The weather for their boating was very nice and sunny.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a awfully tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
A yellow flag is next to the road where the running race is held.
Many people are watching the race next to the road where the running race is held.
A lot of people are watching the race next to the road where the running race is held.
There are buildings next to the road where the running competition is held.
A father and son are running in the football field.
A lot of people run on the road, and there are many residential buildings around the road.
There are many people running on the road, and there are many residential buildings around the road.
Many people run on the road, and there are many residential buildings around the road.
Many people are running on the road. There is a gas station around the road.
There are many people running on the road, and there is a gas station around the road.
This is a large baseball area.
Some people enjoy baseball at night.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
Several people are swimming in the deep sea during the day.
A few people are swimming in the deep sea during the day.
During the day, several people are swimming in the deep sea.
Some people are swimming in the deep sea during the day.
Some people take a swim  in the deep sea during the day.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
People in the conflict put up signs in protest.
During the conflict, some activists will burn flags and other items to express protest.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The weather was also extraordinary nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were very happy, singing and dancing.
Mudslides are filled with rocks and water.
The mudslide was mixed with many stones and water on top.
The mudslide was filled with rocks and water.
Debris flow with many stone, with water.
The debris flow is mixed with many stones and water on it.
They ride their cycle on awfully wide roads.
The weather was very nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
The man rode his cycle extraordinary speedy on the shadow path in the woods.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There was a fire in the house, two red fire trucks came to put out the fire.
The houses in the forest burned and produced a lot of smoke. The fire engines on the street are fighting the fire.
There was a fire in the house and a thick black smoke was produced. Fire trucks came to extinguish the fire.
A fire broke out in the house and produced thick black smoke. Two red fire engines came to extinguish the fire.
Two red fire trucks come to put out the house which is on fire and producing thick black smoke.
Some people are playing football in the open-air football field.
Somebody is playing football in the open-air football field.
There are people playing football in the open-air football field.
There is an audience in the football field.
Inside the football field are spectators.
There is a old building.
It is daytime.
Around the old building is a grassland.
Five cars are parked on the grassland.
We can see a policeman stand on the grassland.
Someone is practicing playing football on the football field, and others are watching around.
There are people practicing playing football on the football field, and people around are watching.
People are practicing playing football on the football field, and others are watching around.
The football field is a green lawn, and the field is surrounded.
It is a green lawn on the ground, and the field is surrounded.
Lots of cars parked around the basketball court.
A number of people play basketball at afternoon.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
No one watched them play basketball.
The two were playing basketball next to the car.
Red harvesters carry the harvested wheat to green wagons in dusty fields.
The red harvester carried the harvested wheat to the green wagons in the dusty fields.
Red harvesters transfer the harvested wheat to green wagons in dusty fields.
The red harvester in liquid dust finish harvest of wheat field to the green truck.
Red harvester in liquid dust finish harvest of wheat field to the green truck.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The tubes at this concert are colorful.
At night, there was a traffic jam on the city roads.
Traffic jams appear on the city roads at night.
There is a traffic jam on the city roads at night.
In the night, there was a traffic jam on the city roads.
Traffic jams appear on the city roads at night.
The bottom of the house with the blue roof was flooded.
Blue roof of the house at the bottom of the submerged by the flood.
The bottom of the blue-roofed house is flooded.
Blue house roof is broken after flooding.
The blue - roofed house looked dilapidated after being swept away by the flood.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
They ride their cycle very hard.
They ride their cycle on awfully wide roads.
The rhythm of their bicycles is very regular.
Near the highway is a farmland.
We can see a green tractor on the farmland.
The land on the right of the tractor is ploughed.
The land on the left of the tractor need to be ploughed.
We can see a plough connected to the green tractor.
There is a man swimming in a dark gray pool.
A man is swimming in a dark gray pool.
One person is swimming in a dark gray pool.
Someone is swimming in a dark gray pool.
There is a man take a siwm  in a dark gray pool.
A red-clad athlete ran to the finish line.
There was an athlete in red who ran to the finish line.
One athlete in red ran to the finish line.
An athlete in red ran to the finish line.
An athlete in red is about to cross the blue and white arch.
There is a swimming pool.
The water looks blue.
The water is blue.
We can see marks under water.
There are green-and-white ropes over the water.
One person is running on the outdoor stairs, and there is a green lawn nearby.
A person is running on the outdoor stairs, and the green lawn is nearby.
A man is running on the outdoor stairs, and there is a green lawn nearby.
A person runs on the outdoor stairs with guardrails.
One person runs on the outdoor stairs with guardrails.
This is a wide baseball area.
Some people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
many people are watching them enjoy baseball.
There is a large grass area on the baseball field.
There is a highway.
We can see a police car on the highway.
The police is white-and-black.
The police car drive on the adverse direction of its road.
The police car is in a hurry.
A lot of people are running past the parking lot.
Lots of people are running past the parking lot.
There are many people running past the parking lot.
Many people run on the road near the parking lot.
Lots of people run on the road near the parking lot, and there are many buildings in the distance.
There is a traffic jam on one side of the winding mountain, and the traffic on the other side is smooth.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the winding mountain, and there was a lot of vegetation in the mountain.
One side of the winding mountain has a traffic jam, while the other side has a smooth traffic.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the winding mountain, and there was a lot of vegetation in the mountain.
The traffic jam happened on one side of the winding mountain, and the traffic was smooth on the other side.
A lot of people run on the road, and there are many trees and houses by the road.
There are many people running on the road, and there are many trees and houses beside the road.
Many people are running on the road, and there are cars nearby.
Many people are running on the road, and there are many houses nearby.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there are many houses nearby.
We can see grass on the farmland.
There are grassed on the unploughed field.
There is a red tractor on the farmland.
The land on the right of the red tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the left of the red tractor has been ploughed.
There are ships in the river and some people are swimming in the water.
A ship is in the river and some people are swimming in the water.
In the river, there are ships, and some people are swimming in the water.
The river has ships, and the river has a rocky mountain.
Ships in the river, and gravel mountains by the river.
There are three farm vehicles working in the field.
The three agricultural vehicles are working in the field.
Three farm vehicles are working in the field.
The three agricultural vehicles are at work in the field.
There are three agricultural vehicles working fields.
Some buildings still stand after an earthquake.
Trees still stand after an earthquake.
Some buildings break down after an earthquake.
We can see a debris of buildings on the land.
The land looks dusty.
Traffic congestion happened on the road, and many cars were crowded together.
There was a traffic congestion on the road, and there were billboards beside the road.
A traffic congestion happened on the road, and many cars were crowded together.
Traffic congestion happened on the road, and there were billboards beside the road.
The traffic congestion happened on the road, and many cars were crowded together.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
There are many trees near where they row the boat.
The water on which they rowed the boat was extraordinary calm.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
There are many people doing cycle races on the ring road.
There is a farmland.
There is a red tractor on the farmland.
We can see a red plough connected to the tractor.
Most land is ploughed.
The rad tractor plough on the farmland.
There was a traffic accident on one side of the road, and the vehicles on the other side were driving normally.
A traffic accident happened on one side of the road, and the vehicles on the other side were driving normally.
Traffic accident happened on one side of the road, and the vehicles on the other side drove normally.
On one side of the road, there was a traffic accident; on the other side, the traffic was running normally.
There was a traffic accident on one side of the road, and the vehicles on the other side were driving normally.
Traffic jam on the highway at night.
There is a traffic jam on the highway at night.
The traffic jam on the highway at night.
Traffic jams on the highway at night.
At night, the traffic jam on the highway is full of lights.
This conflict brought together a very large number of people.
A large number of people gathered and conflicted.
In this conflict, some people will smash cars.
People rush to a special place in this conflict.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
Fire attracts many fire trucks.
Many fire trucks come to put out the fire.
Lots of fire trucks to put out the fire.
Fire draws many fire trucks.
The fire attracted many fire engines.
The landslide caused the cable car to get stuck in the middle of the mountain.
Damaged cable car stuck in the middle of the mountain.
A landslide caused the cable car to get stuck in the middle of the mountain.
Landslide caused the cable car to get stuck in the middle of the mountain.
Landslides caused the cable car to get stuck in the middle of the mountain.
Landslides caused rocks and trees to slide down, exposing white stones.
The landslide caused stones and trees to slide down, exposing white stones.
A landslide caused stones and trees to slide down, exposing white stones.
Landslid caused rocks and trees to slide down, exposing white stones.
Rocks and trees landslide slip off, revealing the white stone.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
This guy is playing basketball on the road.
No one plays basketball with him.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
There is a car parked near the lawn of the basketball court.
One of the houses along the road was on fire, creating a lot of smoke.
A house on the side of the road was ablaze with smoke.
A house off the road was blazing with smoke.
A house by the road burst into flames and produced a lot of smoke.
A house near the road to the blazing fire produced a lot of smoke.
Many cars parked near the baseball field.
Some people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
It is a cloudy day.
Roads go through farmlands with lamps on side.
Some farmlands have no trees on them while others have trees.
We can see a white car on the road on the left of the photo.
The photo is taken at daytime.
The two racing cars swerved on the road, sparking with the ground.
Two racing cars swerved on the road, sparking with the ground.
Both racing cars swerved on the road, sparking with the ground.
There was a sharp turn on the road between the two racing cars and the ground.
Two racing cars swerved on the road, sparking with the ground.
Green harvesters transfer the harvested crops to green vans next to them.
The green harvester carries the finished crop to the green van next to it.
Green harvesters transfer the harvested crops to green vans next to them.
The green harvester passes the harvest to the green truck next to it.
Green harvester to harvest the crops to green next to the van.
The streets were crowded with people holding flags and marching in protest.
People on the street are marching in protest with flags.
The streets are crowded with people holding flags in protest.
The streets were crowded with people holding flags in protest.
On the streets of people carrying flags in the protests.
A lot of people are watching at the end of the running competition, waiting for the runners to come.
There are many people watching at the end of the running competition, waiting for the runners to come.
Many people are watching at the end of the running competition, waiting for the runners to come.
There are many people watching at the end of the running race, and there are many cars nearby.
Lots of people are watching at the end of the running race, and there are many cars nearby.
There are people playing football in the football field, and there are many trees around.
Someone is playing football in the football field, and there are many trees around.
Some people are playing football in the football field, and there are many trees around.
People are playing football in the football field and there are many trees around.
There is a green lawn inside the football.
Many people run on the road, and there is a badminton court nearby.
A lot of people run on the road, and there is a badminton court nearby.
Lots of people run on the road, and there is a badminton court nearby.
There are many people running on the road and there are houses nearby.
Many people are running on the road and there are houses nearby.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a extraordinary large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
One person in the party wear sunglasses.
The party take place on white floor.
Some people hold cups on their hands at the party.
It is daytime when people take party.
People laugh at the party.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
They ride their cycle awfully arduous.
The weather was very nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
The mudslide raced through the forest.
Mudslides raced through the forest.
Debris flow and the pentium in the forest.
The debris flow rushes through the forest.
A mudslide rushes through the forest.
Nobody swims in the sea during the day.
No one swims in the sea during the day.
Nobody swim in the sea during the day.
Nobody take a swim  in the sea during the day.he sea during the day.
There are several people swimming in the sea during the day.
Trees are planted near the highway.
We can see many different cars on the highway.
We can see two police cars on the highway.
The police cars are white-and-black.
We can see lamps on the road.
There are some cloud on half of the sky and no cloud on the another half of the sky.
There are many trees on the green-and-yellow land.
We can see a road near the top right of the photo.
We can light come from the top right and shades trees on the ground.
There are some buildings near trees.
A dozen people are running in the snow.
There are a dozen people running in the snow.
Ten people are running in the snow.
About a dozen people are running in the snow.
There are a dozen people running together, next to the endless snow.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there were parks and rivers beside the road.
A traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there were parks and rivers beside the road.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road, and there was a track and field not far from the road.
There is a traffic jam on one side of the road, and there are parks and rivers beside the road.
On one side of the road, there was a traffic jam, and there was a track field not far from the road.
Near the buildings are cars.
The cars look dusty.
There is a slope near the cars.
There is a mess of building materials on the slope.
Some part of the building is missing.
There is a farmland.
There is a green tractor.
We can see a plough been equipped on the tractor.
The land which has been ploughed looks red.
The land which need to be ploughed looks white.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
We can see snow on roofs.
There is a buildings with yellow walls and gray roof.
Near the yellow building is a building with gray walls.
The sky looks white.
We can see trees far away.
There are many people doing cycle races on the ring road.
The weather was very nice when they raced their cycle.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
A man is dressed in black in a white circle.
There is a man dressed in black in a white circle
Someone is dressed in black in a white circle.
There was a man dressed in black in a white circle.
There are people playing football on the football field.
There is a mess on the land.
On the land is a mess.
We can see some blue objects in the mess.
There are some blue objects in the mess.
We can see some red objects in the mess.
We can see three roads.
There are two isolation belt between three roads.
Cars on the top two roads drive from right to left.
Cars on the bottom road drive from left to right.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There are some farmlands.
Many trees are on the farmlands.
The farmlands are green and yellow.
The farmlands look green and yellow.
There is a lake on the farmlands.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
The weather for their boating was extremely nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extremely arduous.
The water on which they rowed the boat was very calm.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
The weather for their boating was extremely nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extremely arduous.
The water on which they rowed the boat was extremely calm.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there are street lamps nearby.
There are many people running on the road, and there are street lamps nearby.
Many people are running on the road, and there are trees nearby.
There are many people running on the road, and there are white houses nearby.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there are white houses nearby.
On the bottom of the photo is the top floor of a building.
On the top half of the photo is a square.
The right of the square is a grass land.
Many people stand on the square.
The photo is taken at daytime.
Many people run in the middle of the road and there are tall coconut trees nearby.
A lot of people are running in the middle of the road, and there are tall coconut trees nearby.
Lots of people are running in the middle of the road, and there are tall coconut trees nearby.
There are many people running in the middle of the road, and there are several tall buildings nearby.
Lots of people are running in the middle of the road, and there are several tall buildings nearby.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a ring road.
There are two parkings link to the ring road.
Many cars are in the parkings.
There are some buildings between the roads.
Some cars run on the roads.
There are many people playing football in the football field.
Many people are playing football in the football field.
The football field has a very high light.
Many people are watching football in the football field.
A lot of people are watching football in the football field.
We can see some buildings.
We can see cracks on the concrete floor.
Some buildings lose their shapes.
Parts of the buildings fall into pieces.
The land looks dusty.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The weather was also very nice when they were watching the concert.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
The man bent over to ride his bicycle down the hill.
They ride their cycle on extraordinary wide roads.
Every one of them was extraordinary speedy on their modified cycle.
There is a crossing.
Many police cars parked in the crossing.
Doors of some police cars are open.
In front of a silver car is a black car.
Some policemen stand on the land.
Countless people were marching in the streets beside the football stadium.
There are countless people marching and protesting in the street next to the football field.
In the street next to the football field, countless people are marching in protest.
Countless people are marching in the streets beside the football stadium.
Countless people on the streets near the football field in the protests.
Many people swim in the blue sea.
A lot of people swim in the blue sea
Lots of people swim in the blue sea
There are many people swimming in the blue sea.
There are a few  people swimming in the blue sea.
There are two large baseball areas.
Some people play baseball at night.
many people are watching them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
Many runners ran out of the red arch.
There are several cars at the running site.
There are many runners running out of the red arch.
There are two white shade sheds on the running site.
There is a warehouse at the running site.
Landslides cause trees to be uprooted and slide down with the soil.
Landslides caused trees to be uprooted and slid with mud.
The landslide caused the trees to be uprooted and slid down with the soil.
Landslid caused trees to be uprooted and slid down with the soil.
Landslide causes trees to be uprooted and slide down with the soil.
This is a large baseball area.
There is a large grass area on the baseball field.
In the morning, some people play baseball on the baseball court.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There are many trees around the baseball ground.
Some people in the party are standing.
One person in the party is shirtless.
The party is on the grass.
It is sunny at the party.
There is a white table in the party.
Some people are swimming in the water, and there are many life-saving tools in the water.
There are people swimming in the water, and there are many life-saving tools in the water.
Someone is swimming in the water. There are many life-saving tools in the water.
Some people are swimming in the water, and there are many life-saving tools in the water.
Some people are swimming in the water, and there are many life-saving tools in the water.
The land and roofs of houses are covered with snow.
We can see mountains with snow far away.
There are hundreds of buildings on the land.
There are some trees live between buildings.
Most buildings use white or red walls.
There is a highway.
The highway is broken.
Part of the highway is missing.
We can see soil on the highway.
Trees near the highway fall down on the land.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
They wear professional equipment and clothing to compete cycle on the road.
There are many police cars.
The police cars are black.
We can see a car surrendered by police cars.
A policeman stand on the land.
The policeman aim at people in the car surrendered by police cars.
There is a grassland.
We can see a white building on the grassland.
There are many trees placed together.
There are some people stand on grassland.
It is daytime.
There is a white tractor.
Most land need to be ploughed.
The land which need to be ploughed has grass on it.
The land which has been ploughed looks red.
The land which need to be ploughed looks green.
It is daytime.
There is wetland.
There is a building without roof on an island.
Clouds reflect from water.
We can see mountains and trees far away.
The lights on the concert venue are awfully bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
The photo is taken at night.
We can see two parallel main roads.
There are some cars on the roads.
On right of the road are buildings with light on.
Some trees are placed on the left of the road.
Many people gather in front of the Buddha statue on the day of religious activities.
Few people gather in front of the Buddha statue.
On the day of religious activities, few people gather in front of the monkey Buddha statue.
The Buddha statue is on the table.
The Buddha statue is on a table with many stones beside it.
There were many people in the streets taking part in religious activities.
There are houses and trees next to places where religious activities are held.
During the day there are many people attending religious activities in the streets.
Many blacks gathered for religious activities.
On the day of the religious service, many black people crowded toward the sedan chair in the road.
There's a fire on a yacht in a distant harbor sending up a lot of black smoke.
A fire broke out on a yacht in a distant harbor sending up a lot of black smoke.
There was a fire on a yacht in a distant harbor and a lot of black smoke.
Port yacht there was a fire in the distance produces a large amount of black smoke.
A fire broke out in a yacht in a distant port, producing a large amount of black smoke.
Many green plants are near the congested road sections.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and the other side of the road was clear.
Near the congested road sections, there are many green plants.
In the vicinity of the congested road section, there are many green plants.
On one side of the road, there was a traffic jam, and on the other side, the road was clear.
No one watched them play basketball.
These guys are playing basketball on cement.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
Road next to basketball court.
They play basketball in short sleeves.
There was a terrible fire in the house along the street which sent up a cloud of black smoke.
A serious fire broke out in a house along the street, sending up a cloud of black smoke.
There was a serious fire in the house next to the street, sending out black smoke.
Serious fire happened in the street near the house of black smoke.
A serious fire broke out in the houses along the street, sending up clouds of black smoke.
A fire broke out in a house in the woods in the fall, and a fire engine in the street put out the fire .
A house fire broke out in the woods in the fall, and a fire engine on the street as it put out the fire.
Fires broke out in houses in the woods in the fall. Fire trucks in the street produced as they put out the flames.
Autumn house that a fire broke out in the woods, on the streets of the fire.
A fire broke out in a house in the autumn woods. The fire trucks on the street produced a lot of white smoke.
On the left of the big swimming pool is a small water pool.
There are gray bricks on the land around the swimming pool.
We can see fountains spouts water into the swimming pool.
The water in the swimming pool looks blue.
The photo is taken at daytime.
In the evening, flames and black smoke billowed from a distant building in the town.
In the evening, another building in the distance of the town burst into flames and black smoke.
In the evening another building in the distance of the town was burning and black smoke.
In the evening, flames and black smoke billowed from distant buildings in the town.
Night town in the distance and building up in the sky fire and smoke.
There was a car accident on the road and all the cars caught fire.
A car accident happened on the road and all the cars caught fire.
An accident happened on the road and all the cars caught fire.
A traffic accident happened on the road at night, causing a fire.
There was a traffic accident on the road at night, which caused a fire.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take a number of time to complete.
The constructing required a very large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are a number of trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
There is a very tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
There are several people running on the road, and there are telephone poles and green grass nearby.
A few people are running on the road, and there are telephone poles and green grass nearby.
Some people are running on the road, and there are telephone poles and green grass nearby.
Several people are running on the road, and there are telephone poles and green grass nearby.
There are several people running on the road, and there are telephone poles and houses with gray roofs nearby.
There was a car accident on the track, and the car caught fire.
A racing car on the track had a traffic accident and its body caught fire.
There was a car accident on the track and the car caught fire.
On the track, a racing car had a traffic accident and its body caught fire.
There was a car accident on the track, and the car caught fire.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They rode their cycle in the snow in winter and on the paths in the mountains.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The landslide caused mud and stones to tumble onto the road, disrupting traffic.
A landslide caused soil and stones to tumble onto the highway, which affected traffic.
The landslide caused mud and stones to roll onto the road, affecting traffic.
The landslide caused mud and stones to roll onto the road and affect traffic.
Landslides cause soil and rock from the road up traffic.
There is a farmland.
There are many clouds in the sky.
The farmland looks yellow.
The farmland is yellow.
We can see trees far away.
On the day of religious activities, there are many people riding trucks in parades.
On this day of religious activities, there are many people riding trucks in parades.
In the religious activities of the day, there are many people on a truck.
On the day of the religious service, many people marched in trucks.
In the religious activities of the day, there are many people on a truck.
Lots of people ran out of the red arch, and the ground next to it was wet.
There are many people running out of the red arch, and the ground next to it is wet.
There are many cars nearby at the starting point of race running.
In the starting point of race running, there are many cars nearby.
At the starting point of the race run, there are many cars nearby.
A traffic jam occurred on the highway in a brightly lit night.
Traffic jam happened on the highway in the bright night.
On a brightly lit night, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
In a brightly lit night, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
A traffic jam occurred on the highway in a brightly lit night.
Fire trucks douse the fire with ladders.
Fire trucks are dousing the fire with ladders.
Fire truck is dousing house fire with ladder.
House fire is doused by fire truck.
House fire was doused by fire trucks.
There is a car whose body has been deformed by a collision, and there are many trees around it.
The body of a car was knocked out of shape, and there were many trees around it.
A car's body was knocked out of shape, and there were many trees around it.
The body of a car was deformed by a collision, and there were many trees around it.
There is a car whose body has been deformed by a collision, and there are many trees around it.
We can see a white car parked near the road at the bottom of the photo.
There are many stalls on the road.
There are five buildings with black roof on sides of the road.
Many people walk on the road.
Some land near the road are covered with trees and grasses.
There was no one around the track where they raced their cars.
This car kicks up a lot of dust from cornering.
They race cars when the weather is fine.
There are some houses around the track where they race their cars.
They race cars on the road.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
They are all rowing a single boat.
The water on which they rowed the boat was very calm.
There was a large prairie on the shore where they rowed their boats.
There are two people running on one side of the road, and there is a lawn nearby.
A couple of people are running on one side of the road, and there is a lawn nearby.
The two men were running on one side of the road, and there was a lawn nearby.
A couple of people are running on one side of the road, and there are many houses nearby.
We have two people running on one side of the road, and there are many houses nearby.
Blue river water flows in and in the valley.
There are blue rivers in the valley and in it.
In and out of the valley flows blue rivers.
The blue river flows in and in the valley.
In the valley and in it, there are blue rivers.
A man in shorts swims in the blue sea.
A man in shorts is swimming in the blue sea.
The man in shorts is swimming in the blue sea.
There is a man in shorts swimming in the blue sea.
One man in shorts is swimming in the blue sea.
There was a traffic jam on the highway in foggy weather.
On foggy weather, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
A traffic jam occurred on the highway in foggy weather.
In foggy weather, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
The foggy weather caused a traffic jam on the highway.
There were crowds of people marching on and under the bridge.
On the bridge and under the bridge are crowded with people marching in protest.
On the bridge and under the bridge were crowded with people marching in protest.
On and under the bridge, crowds of people marched in protest.
The bridge and the bridge are the many people in the protests.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There is a bridge over the water where they row the boat.
Some people were walking and watching them row the boats.
The weather for their boating was extraordinary nice and sunny.
There is a baseball court.
Near the baseball court is a lake.
We can see three lamps around the baseball court.
There is a highway.
It is daytime.
There is a farmland.
We can see a blue tractor on the land.
The blue tractor equip on a blue plough.
The land on the right of the blue tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the left of the blue tractor has been ploughed.
Many people are playing football, and there are many people watching.
A lot of people are playing football, and a lot of people are watching.
It's surrounded by wooden boards, and there are many trees outside.
There are many trees outside the football field surrounded by wooden boards.
A football field is surrounded by wooden boards, and there are many trees outside.
Many people in the streets wearing the same clothes and carrying the same things marched in protest.
In the streets, many people marched in the same clothes and carried the same things.
In the streets, many people wearing the same clothes and carrying the same things marched in protest.
On the streets of many people wearing the same dress with the same things to protest.
Many people in the street are wearing the same clothes and holding the same things to protest.
The landslide caused many trees, and deciduous stones were taken to the road.
Landslid caused many trees, and deciduous stones were taken to the road.
Many trees were caused by the landslide, and deciduous stones were taken to the road.
The landslide caused many trees and deciduous stones to be carried onto the road.
The landslide caused many trees lose their leaves, stone was taken to the road.
There is a very tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Through days of arduous work by workers, the construction has taken on its basic shape.
There are a lot of steel bars on this construction site.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take a number of time to complete.
Football courts are dark green and light green.
There are dark green and light green colors in the football field.
Soccer courts are dark green and light green.
There are people playing football on the football field.
Some people are playing football on the football field.
A man is rowing a boat.
There were a number of trees by the water where he was rowing the boat.
No one watched them row the boat.
He was rowing a boat all by himself.
He rowed the boat awfully speedy.
The landslide caused landslides and mud slid onto roads blocking traffic.
Landslides caused by landslides and mud slid down roads blocking traffic.
The landslide caused landslides, and mud slid onto roads, blocking traffic.
Landslides lead to landslides, and soil slips and blocks traffic on the road.
The landslide caused landslides, soil slip stopped traffic on the road.
There is a surfaced road on the bottom of the photo.
We can see a house on the upper part of the photo.
Five cars are parked together.
Five cars are parked at the gateway of a house.
Some trees are planted on sides of gateway.
Many people take part in running competitions on one side of the road.
Lots of people take part in running competitions on one side of the road.
There are many people running on one side of the road.
The running venue is near a gas station.
A gas station is near the running venue.
There are four cars parked together on the left of a building.
A car is parked in front of the building.
Two doors of the silver car are open.
The hood of the silver car is open.
A person walk near the silver car.
Many people are having a party.
There is a party on the sea.
There is a party on the ship.
It is sunny at the party.
Some people are shirtless at the party.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a extraordinary large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
The houses in the village were flooded with only their roofs.
There was a flood in the village. A lot of houses were flooded.
Many of the houses were submerged to their roofs. There was a flood in the village.
The flood in the village. Many houses were flooded.
Many houses in the village were flooded with only their roofs left.
Two lorries drove across the field.
There were two trucks driving across the field.
Two lorries drove opposite each other in the field.
In the field, two trucks drove past each other.
Two truck drove by violent in the field.
Their cars are professionally modified.
The cars they race are very speedy.
They are all alone driving these cars.
There are many signs around the track where they race.
There were a lot of people around the track watching their cars.
There is a huge building.
We can see two water pools in the building.
Some trees are planted in the building.
The lamps are on.
It is at night.
The water is yellow.
The water looks yellow.
We can see some stones on the water.
Many white waves are produced in the water.
It is daytime.
Mudslides swept into villages and drowned many crops.
The mudslide washed into the village and flooded many crops.
Mudslides swept into villages and flooded many crops.
Debris flows washed into villages and flooded many crops.
Mudslides rushed to the village for many crops.
Floods caused the lake to overflow, submerging parts of the road.
The flooding caused the lake to overflow and cover part of the road.
Floods caused the lake to overflow, submerging some roads.
The flooding caused the lake to overflow and submerged part of the road.
The playground in the yard was flooded.
Parts of the town were flooded.
Some houses, street signs were flooded.
Parts of the town have been flooded.
Some houses and street signs are flooded.
Houses, street signs were flooded.
Green harvesters transfer crops to white trucks.
This green harvester transports crops onto white trucks.
Green harvester their crops to the white truck.
The green harvester delivers the crops to the white truck.
A green harvester delivers crops to a white truck.
This is a tremendous baseball area.
Some people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
The house looks dilapidated by the fire.
The house appears dilapidated by fire.
Water doused house fire.
The tornado extinguished the fire in the house.
The tornado extinguished the conflagration in the house.
This is a large baseball area.
In the morning, a number of people enjoy baseball on the baseball court.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball ground.
Many cars parked near the baseball ground.
Fierce muddy mudslides pentium across the road.
The fierce muddy mudslide pentium on the road.
A fierce muddy debris flow rushes by on the road.
The fierce muddy mud-rock flow rushes by on the road.
Fierce turbidity of debris flow in the way the pentium.
There was a traffic jam on people's way home at night.
At night, there was a traffic jam on people's way home.
A traffic jam happened on people's way home at night.
In the evening, there was a traffic jam on people's way home.
There was a traffic jam on the way home at night.
There is a parking.
There are many cars in the parking.
The cars are placed in lines.
There are some trees planted in the parking.
It is daytime.
One of the houses in the town caught fire in the winter and produced a lot of black smoke.
In winter, a house in the town was raging on fire. And producing a great deal of black smoke.
In winter, a house by the side of the street in the town was raging on fire. And producing a lot of black smoke.
The town in the winter house in the blazing fire produced a large number of black smoke.
In winter, a house in the town was raging on fire, producing a lot of black smoke.
The landslide caused many green plants to tumble down the mountain.
Landslid caused many green plants to tumble down the mountain.
Many green plants tumbled down the mountain due to the landslide.
Landslides caused many green plants to tumble down the mountain..
The landslide caused many green plants to roll down the mountain.
The landslide crushed the soil and blocked the road.
Landslid caused the soil to crush and blocked the road.
Landslides crushed the soil and blocked the road.
The landslide crushed the soil and blocked the highway.
Landslide causes bad soil pressure and blocked the road.
There is a orange-and-white tractor.
We can see a red plough been equipped on the tractor.
The land on the left of the tractor has been ploughed.
The land on the right of the tractor need to be ploughed.
There are some crops on the unploughed land.
This is a large baseball area.
A number of people enjoy baseball at morning.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass ground on the baseball ground.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle very speedy.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
There is a farmland.
There is a green tractor.
There is a red plough.
The green tractor equip up a red plough.
The green tractor plough on the farmland.
Tractors in golden fields pull grain to cylindrical granaries.
In golden fields tractors pull grain to cylindrical granaries.
Golden fields of tractor pull food to cylindrical silos.
Tractors in golden fields pull grain to cylindrical granaries.
A tractor pulls grain into a cylindrical granary in a golden field.
The lights on the concert venue are very bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
Many people are marching in the streets with red signs.
On the streets of many carried red brand in the protests.
A lot of people in the street are holding red signs in protest.
There are many people in the street holding red signs in protest.
On the street, many people are holding red signs in protest.
There is a parking.
There are many cars on the parking.
Around the parking are grasslands.
We can see many trees.
We can see black clouds in the sky.
There is a ship on the water.
On the water is a ship.
We can see snow on the mountains.
There are some trees on the mountains.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There is a bathing suit swimming in the blue sea.
There is a man swimming in the blue sea mile in a bathing suit.
One is swimming in the blue sea in a bathing suit.
A bathing suit swims in the blue sea.
One of them is swimming in the blue sea in a bathing suit.
No one watched them row the boat.
He was rowing a boat all by himself.
He rowed the boat very speedy.
A man is rowing a boat.
He rowed a small boat on a sunny day.
There is a business street.
We can see many people on the business street.
There are many trees planted on the business street.
We can see many trees planted on the business street.
There are shops on sides of the business street.
In the night, many people run on the road, and there are cranes with lights on in the middle of the road.
Many people run on the road at night, and there are cranes with lights on in the middle of the road.
There are many people running on the road at night, and there are cranes with lights on in the middle of the road.
At night, many people run on the road, and there are cranes with lights on in the middle of the road.
Many people run on the road and pass the sidewalk at night.
Athletes are taking part in a running competition on the road, and there are several cars nearby.
On the road, there are athletes taking part in running competitions, and there are several cars nearby.
There are athletes taking part in a running competition on the road, and there is a baseball field nearby.
A man is running on the road, and there is a house with a red roof nearby.
People are running on the road, and there is a green lawn nearby.
This is a large baseball area.
In the morning, some people enjoy baseball on the baseball court.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There are many trees around the baseball ground.
There is a large grass ground on the baseball field.
There was a landslide in the distant mountains.
A landslide occurred in the distant mountains.
The landslides occur in the mountains in the distance.
A landslide occurred in the distant mountains.
In the distant mountains, there was a landslide.
There are two teams of players playing football on the football field, and there are people watching the game outside.
Two teams of players are playing football on the football field, and someone is watching the game outside.
On the football field, there are two teams of players playing football, and there are people watching the game outside.
There are two teams of players playing football on the football field, and there are blue tents outside.
Two teams of players are playing football on the football field, and someone is watching the game outside.
A man in yellow plays football on the football field.
The man in yellow plays football on the football field.
One man in yellow is playing football on the football field.
A person plays football in the shade of a tree.
One plays football in the shade of a tree.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
The constructing required a very large number of people working together to complete it.
There are some buildings.
The roof of a building is missing.
There is a mess near the building which has no roof.
One building's roof is awry.
We can see pieces of buildings on the land.
The winter streets are full of people marching in protest.
There are so many people marching and protesting on the streets in winter.
In winter, there are so many people marching in the streets to protest.
The streets in winter are full of people marching in protest.
Winter on the streets of the intensity of people in the protests.
The bottom of the building was flooded.
Floods swept over village houses.
The bottom of the building was submerged in water.
The flood swept through the houses in the village.
Floods swept through village houses.
A red harvester was reaping the crops in the field, the dust behind it.
Dust swirled behind a red harvester harvesting crops in the field.
A red harvester reaped the crops in the field, dusting behind it.
The red harvester was picking up the crops in the field, the dust behind it.
A red harvester to harvest the crops in the fields of dust behind once more.
The streets were crowded with people in a military parade.
The streets were crowded with people in the parade.
People are marching in the streets.
The streets were crowded with people on parade.
On the streets of people in the parade.
The landslide caused the plants on the mountain to fall to the bottom.
A landslide caused all the plants on the mountain to slide to the bottom of the mountain.
Landslide caused all the plants on the mountain to slide to the bottom of the mountain.
Landslid caused all the plants on the mountain to slide to the bottom of the mountain.
The mountain plants are landslide slip off to the mountain.
There are two highways.
We can see a white truck.
There is a white-and-black police car on one highway.
On one highway is a white truck and a police car.
There are two cars on one highways and no car on another.
There are many chairs with white towels on them.
Someone swim in the water.
There are some trees near the chairs.
Some parts of the beach is wet.
Someone stand on the beach.
There are a lot of conflict going on here.
There are so many people in conflict here.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
There are some buildings.
We can see stones from the buildings on the land.
We can see cracks on the building.
Some parts of the building are off the paint.
Parts of the building fall into pieces.
In the evening, many people pass the intersection and run to the next entrance.
Many people pass the crossroads at night and run to the next entrance.
During the night, many people pass the intersection and run to the next entrance.
There are two cranes in the running place at night.
In the evening, there are two cranes in the running place.
The harvester was harvesting the crops in the evening.
In the evening harvester in harvest their crops.
The harvester reaped the crops in the fields in the evening.
Harvesters cut the crops in the fields in the evening.
In the evening the harvester in the crops field.
There was a traffic jam on the road in the suburbs where people got off work.
Traffic jams occurred on the roads in the suburbs where people got off work.
A traffic jam happened on the road in the suburbs where people got off work.
People got stuck in traffic on the roads in the suburbs where they got off work.
At night, there was a traffic jam on the suburban road where people got off work.
There are green trees outside the football field.
Outside the football field there are green trees.
Five little boys are playing football on the football field.
We have five little boys playing football on the football field.
Four little boys are playing football on the football field.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and the other side of the road was smooth.
A traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and the other side of the road was smooth.
The traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and the road on the other side was smooth.
Lots of cars are driving on the road.
There are many cars driving on the road.
Many people gathered for religious activities.
Many people gather to take part in religious activities with colorful ribbons.
Many people gathered for religious activities.
The grounds for religious activities are decorated with colorful ribbons.
Many people gathered for religious activities.
There are some buildings.
Some parts of the buildings are broken down.
We can see debris of buildings.
We can see some wooden poles on the land and buildings.
Some walls are off the paint.
This is a large baseball area.
A number of people enjoy baseball at morning.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass ground on the baseball ground.
There are several cars around the baseball ground.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The atmosphere of this concert is extraordinary cheerful, singing and dancing.
The people at this concert were very happy and extremely relaxed.
There are many people swimming in the swimming pool.
Many people swim in the swimming pool.
A lot of people swim in the swimming pool.
There are many people swimming in the swimming pool.
Lots of people are swimming in the swimming pool.
Some people are playing football on the football field. There is a blue awning nearby.
There are some people playing football on the football field, and there is a blue awning nearby.
A few people are playing football on the football field, and there is a blue awning nearby.
There are some people playing football on the football field. There is a high light in the middle of the field.
A few people are playing football on the football field. There is a high light in the middle of the field.
There is a sea near the road where they are racing cycle.
They are a cycle race by the sea.
Each of them wears a hard hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle very speedy.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
Blue at the bottom of the factory was submerged by the flood.
The bottom of the blue factory building was flooded.
The factory was flooded.
The bottom of the blue workshop was flooded.
The factory was swept away by floods.
This is a large baseball area.
A number of people play baseball at morning.
The grass on the baseball field is extraordinary large.
people playing baseball on grass.
The grass on the baseball ground is very immense.
The party is on grass.
The party happen on daytime.
There are some tables in the party.
Some people in the party sit on grass.
Many people in the party stand.
Countless people are marching in the street with flags.
Numerous people in the street are holding flags in protest.
In the street, countless people are holding flags in protest.
Countless people are marching with flags in the streets.
Countless people on the streets carrying flags in the protests.
This is a awfully immense baseball field.
In the afternoon, some people enjoy baseball on the baseball court.
There are many trees around the baseball area.
No one watched them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball area.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
There was a large prairie on the shore where they rowed their boats.
There are many trees near where they row the boat.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a awfully tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Many people are running on the road next to the gas station.
A lot of people are running on the road next to the gas station.
There are many people running on the road next to the gas station.
In the running section, there are many telephone poles.
There are many telephone poles in the running section.
The lights on the concert venue are very bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
The weather was also very nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
There are a lot of people around to see the religious activities.
A man performs a religious act by drawing pictures on the ground.
On the day of a religious event, a man was painting a picture on the floor of a building .
There are a lot of people around to see the religious activities.
A man performs a religious act by drawing pictures on the ground.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also some houses on the shore of the boat race.
Lots of cars parked there on the shore of the boat race.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
The village was flooded. The road was flooded, making it impossible for cars to move forward.
Sent a flood villages. The roads were flooded, making it impossible for cars to move.
The village was flooded. Cars were unable to move on because roads were flooded.
Sent a flood villages. The road was flooded, causing the car couldn't go on.
The village was flooded. The road was flooded, resulting in cars unable to move forward.
Near the road is a grassland.
We can see three cars on the road.
There are two white cars on the road.
There is a black police car on the road.
There is a police car at daytime.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide down, taking the stairs down with it.
Landslid caused the mountain to slide, so did the stairs on the mountain.
The landslide caused the mountain to fall, and so did the stairs up the mountain.
A landslide caused the mountain to slide down, and so did the stairs on the mountain.
The mountain landslide slip off, the mountain stairs followed.
We can see two cars on the highway.
On the highway are two car.
There is a red car.
There is a police car.
The police car has a gumball on the top of it.
Religion activities is held at night.
On the day of religious activities,There are many religious gatherings.
People lined up in a neat line during the religious ceremony.
Where religion gathers people, the light is very strong.
On the day of religious activities,Religion is not only about people, but also other animals.
There are two cars racing on the snow.
Their cars are professionally modified.
The cars they race are extremely speedy.
They are all alone driving these cars.
There is a wood behind the snow where they race their cars.
A traffic accident happened at the corner of the road, and many cars were stuck together.
There was a traffic accident at the corner of the road, and many cars were stuck together.
An accident happened at the corner of the road, and many cars were stuck together.
At the corner of the road, there was a traffic accident, and many cars were stuck together.
An accident happened at the corner of the road, and many cars were stuck together.
There are some palaces.
We can see two pyramids on the land.
The pyramids look dusty.
We can see wooden materials on the land.
There are many people.
There seems to be a traffic jam on one side of the road.
It seems that there is a traffic jam on one side of the road.
Traffic jam seems to have happened on one side of the road.
A traffic jam seems to have occurred on one side of the road.
There seems to be a traffic jam on one side of the road.
There is a swimming pool in the party.
some people are swimming in the party.
Two trees is around the swimming in the party.
There are two parasols in the party.
There are some lamps around the party.
There is a parking.
There are many cars.
Many cars are parked in the parking.
There is a road.
We can see buses on the road.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The weather was also extraordinary nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
There is a blue tractor.
Most of the farmland is ploughed.
We can see trees near the farmland.
The blue tractor plough on the farmland.
The ploughed land is covered by soil.
There was a traffic congestion on the road.
The traffic congestion happened on the road, and there were trees and houses beside the road.
There were trees and houses beside the road.
Traffic congestion happened on the road, and there were trees and houses beside the road.
Many trees are near the road where traffic congestions occur.
There is a bouncy bed in the open space.
a boy is looking up at the sky.
This is a large concrete clearing.
There seem to be a few basketballs inside the bouncy bed.
The man is playing basketball.
There is a farmland.
On the farmland is a blue tractor.
We can see a blue plough connected to the blue tractor.
The land on the left of the tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the right of the tractor has been ploughed.
Many people gather for religious activities.
Places for religious activities have octagonal objects.
Many people gather for religious activities.
Places for religious activities have octagonal objects.
Many people gather for religious activities.
There is a farmland.
In the sky are many clouds.
We can see some trees far away.
Some parts of the plant on the farmland look yellow.
Some parts of the plant on the farmland is yellow.
A man in blue is running.
A man in blue runs to the finish line.
There are two white umbrellas next to a runner in blue.
Many people were waiting at the finish line for the runners in blue to come running.
An athlete dressed in blue is running on the road.
Someone is playing football on the football field, and there are trees and houses not far away.
There are people playing football on the football field, and there are trees and houses not far away.
People are playing football on the football field, and there are trees and houses not far away.
There are people playing football on the football field, and there are cars on the road next to it.
Some people are playing football on the football field, and there are cars on the road next to it.
The red harvester feeds the wheat into the green bucket. The grain from the cart was transferred to the big truck.
The red harvester fed the wheat into the green hopper. The grain in the bucket was transferred to the big truck.
The red harvester carries the wheat into the green bucket. The grain in the bucket was piped to the big truck.
In the green car bucket red harvester of wheat. The grain in the hopper was transferred to the big truck.
Car on the food to be delivered to the trucks in the bucket.
There was a landslide on the green hill. Several people were standing near the landslide.
There was a landslide on the green hill, and several people were standing near the landslide.
A landslide appeared on the green hill, and several people stood near the landslide.
Green mountain landslides, a few people stood near the landslide.
There was a landslide on the green mountain, and several people stood near it.
There is a business street.
On side of the business street are parkings.
Many cars are parked in the right parking.
a few of cars are parked in the left parking.
There are many lamps in the business street.
They race cars on the road.
Their race cars are colorful.
There are a lot of trees near the road where they are racing.
Their cars are professionally modified.
The cars they race are very speedy.
There is a lake.
On the left of the lake are trees.
There is highway going through trees.
There is a black car parked between trees.
Some trees reflect in the water.
Their cars are professionally modified.
The cars they race are very speedy.
They are all alone driving these cars.
There are many signs around the track where they race.
These cars race cars on very professional tracks.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
There were a number of people watching them row the boat.
There was a large prairie on the shore where they rowed their boats.
Many people run on the road and there is green grass beside the road.
Many people run on the road and there are green grass beside the road.
A lot of people running in the street and a green grass beside the road.
Many people run on the roads in the suburbs, with power poles nearby.
Many people run on the roads in the suburbs, and there are telephone poles nearby.
The weather was also very nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
The lights on the concert venue are very bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
We can see two person stand on the parking at the bottom of the photo.
Four lines of trees are planted as partitions on the parking.
White straight lines are marked to separate cars.
There is a red bike parked near a tree.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There was a collision between two cars at the corner of the road.
At the corner of the road, two cars collided.
Two cars collided at the corner of the road.
There was a collision between two cars at the corner of the road.
In the corner of the road, two cars collided.
Some people in the party are shirtless.
There is a swimming pool in the party.
The party take place in a sunny day.
Some people in the party relax around the swimming pool.
The floor around the swimming pool is wet in the party.
Many people are demonstrating in the streets.
Many people are marching in the streets in protest.
A lot of people are marching in the street to protest.
There are many people marching in the street to protest.
Lots of people are marching in the street to protest.
A large number of people gathered and conflicted.
In this conflict, some people will smash cars.
People rush to a special place in this conflict.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
People are sitting in rows at this concert venue.
In the center of this concert venue is a huge speaker and display.
The flood destroyed the factory beyond recognition and made it look dilapidated.
Many trucks were flooded. The flood submerged part of the land. A lot of stuff was washed all over the place.
Many trucks were submerged by the flood. The flood submerged part of the land. Many things were washed everywhere.
The recognition of flood to destroy the factory, appear broken.
Many trucks were flooded. The flood flooded part of the land. Many things have been washed all over the place.
Far out in the field three harvesters were harvesting wheat.
Far away in the field, three harvesters were harvesting wheat.
Several harvesters are harvesting wheat in the distance in the field.
Far out in the field, three harvesters were harvesting wheat.
The three harvester in wheat harvest in the field.
A red harvester was harvesting in the field.
The red harvester is harvesting grain in the field.
A red harvester was harvesting grain in the field.
The red reaper harvests grain in the field.
A red harvester in grain harvest in the field.
Religious believers perform religious activities by the river.
Religious believers dressed in yellow perform religious activities near the river.
There are Bridges for religious activities.
There were many people watching the religious activity by the river.
Religious believers perform religious activities in the river.
There is a tractor on the farmland.
Most part of the farmland is covered by grasses.
The tractor equip on a blue plough.
The tractor plough on the farmland.
Near the tractor is a dog.
This is a large baseball area.
A number of people play baseball at morning.
many people are watching them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass ground on the baseball area.
Traffic jams occurred on many highways at night.
In the evening, traffic jams occurred on many highways.
There were traffic jams on many highways at night.
At night, traffic jams occurred on many highways.
Many roads were blocked by traffic at night.
One person is playing football, and the other is watching.
One man is playing football, the other is watching.
There is one person playing football, and the other is watching.
A man is playing football, and another man is watching.
There is one person playing football, and the other is watching.
There were a lot of people around the track watching their cars.
A lot of people watched them race their cars from the outside of the track.
This car kicks up a lot of dust from cornering.
They race cars when the weather is fine.
There are some houses around the track where they race their cars.
Many people play football on the grass, surrounded by trees and cars.
There are many people playing football on the grass, surrounded by trees and cars.
A lot of people play football on the grass, surrounded by trees and cars.
There are many people playing football on the grass, surrounded by houses.
Many people play football on the grass and there are houses around.
Big green and red harvesters are harvesting wheat in the field.
The big green and red harvester in the field is harvesting wheat.
Large greenish-red harvesters were harvesting wheat in the fields.
The farm large green red harvester in wheat.
Large green and red harvesters harvest wheat in the farmland.
On one side of the road, there are many cars, and it seems that there has been a traffic jam.
There are many cars on one side of the road, and it seems that there has been a traffic jam.
A lot of cars are on the side of the road, and there seems to be a traffic jam.
A traffic jam happened on the road, and there were many houses beside the road.
Traffic jam happened on the road, and there were many houses beside the road.
It is a cloudy day.
We can see many trees far away.
There are some farmlands on the photo.
There is a road going through the farmlands.
There are two houses near the farmland on the left of the photo.
Landslides have destroyed roads and displaced mountains.
Damaged roads destroyed, mountain deviation.
Landslid leads to road destruction and mountain displacement.
The landslide caused the road to be destroyed and the mountain to shift.
Landslide leads to the destruction of roads and the displacement of mountains.
In the streets, people in colorful clothes were marching and playing Musical Instruments.
People in colorful clothes were marching in the streets, playing Musical Instruments.
In the streets, people in colorful clothes were marching with Musical Instruments.
Dressed in colorful clothes in the street blowing instrument in the protests.
The people in colorful clothes on the street are marching and protesting with musical instruments.
The barn in the field carried the grain to the wagons.
The granary in the field carried the grain to the wagons.
Granaries in the fields carried the grain to the wagons.
In the field of granary food to the truck carriage.
The granary in the field transported the grain into the carriage of the wagon.
Two people are swimming in the pool.
There are two people swimming in the pool.
A couple of people are swimming in the pool.
We have two people swimming in the pool.
Two people are take a swim  in the pool.
There is a slope.
There are big stones under the slope.
Under the slope are big stones.
There are small stones on the slope.
On the slope are small stones.
The road was covered with snow, and two cars collided.
A lot of snow covered the road, and two cars collided.
On the road there was a lot of snow, and two cars collided.
Traffic accident happened on the road, and passers-by were watching around.
An accident happened on the road, and passers-by were watching.
This is a immense baseball area.
Some people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
Many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
Near the highway is a thin road.
We can see three cars on the thin road.
There is a police car on the thin road.
Behind the police car is a white car.
In front of the police car is a black car.
There are many light on the road.
Many cars are put in the parking.
There is no activity on the road.
There is no activity on the road.
There is no activity on the road.
It is daytime when people start party.
The party is on the second floor.
The party is on the second floor.
The party is on the second floor.
There are two parasols in the party.
Many people gathered for religious activities.
Many people gather for religious activities.
A lot of people are gathered for religious activities.
Many people gather for religious activities.
A lot of people are gathered for religious activities.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
Landslid caused a large mountain to fall off, exposing mud and stones.
The landslide caused a large mountain to fall off, exposing mud and stones.
Landslides caused large mountain bodies to fall off, exposing mud and stones.
A landslide caused a large mountain to fall off, exposing mud and stones.
The landslide caused large swathes of the mountain to fall off, exposing soil and rocks.
There is oval-shaped parking.
The parking is full of cars.
Behind the parking are many trees.
Near the exit of the parking are buildings with gray roofs and white roofs.
We can see a part of a circular green court.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a very tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Through days of arduous work by workers, the construction has taken on its basic shape.
There are a lot of steel bars on this construction site.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is a lot of traffic on the residential streets.
Residential street has many cars coming and going.
There are many vehicles on the streets of residential areas.
Residential streets there are a lot of traffic.
There are a lot of traffic on the streets of the residential area.
Floods swept through villages and woods.
The flood swept through the village and the woods.
Floods swept the village and the woods.
The flood swept through the village and the woods.
Floods swept through the whole villages and woods.
Three men were standing on a hill where a landslide had occurred.
This three men stood on the mountain where the landslide occurred.
Three men were standing on the hill where the landslide occurred.
Three men are standing on the mountain where the landslide occurred.
Three people standing on a mountain of landslides.
The mudslide covered the land, showing a chaotic picture.
Debris flows covered the land, showing a messy appearance.
Mudslides covered the land, showing a messy appearance.
The mudslide covered the land, showing a mess.
Showed an infamous mud covered the land.
Two teams of players are playing football in the football field.
The football field has two teams of players playing football.
A goalkeeper wears red clothes to guard the door in front of the football.
Goalke dressed in red guards the goal in front of the football field.
The football door has a white net.
There are two highways.
On the right of the highways is a parking.
On the left of the highways are houses.
We can see cars on the highways.
Many cars are parked in the parking.
There was a traffic congestion on one side of the road, and the traffic on the other side was smooth.
Traffic congestion happened on one side of the road, and traffic was smooth on the other side.
A traffic congestion occurred on one side of the road, and the traffic on the other side was smooth.
There was a traffic congestion on one side of the road, and there were many fields and houses beside the road.
Traffic congestion happened on one side of the road, and there were many fields and houses beside the road.
A lot of people are starting from the starting point of running, which is marked by a red arch.
Many people are starting from the starting point of running, and there are green fields nearby.
A lot of people are starting from the starting point of running, and there are green fields nearby.
Lots of people are starting from the starting point of running, and there are green fields nearby.
Many people are starting from the starting point of running, which is marked by a red arch.
The streets were crowded with people marching in protest.
The streets are crowded with people marching in protest.
People are marching and protesting in the streets.
A crowd of people marched in protest on the street.
With the many people in the protests in the street.
On the highway are four cars.
We can see four cars on the highway.
Three cars are police cars.
There is a red car on the highway.
Three police cars run after the red car.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are many cars on the bridge where they row the boat.
There is a bridge over the water where they row the boat.
They row boats at night.
There was a traffic accident on one side of the road, and the car on the other side was running normally.
A traffic accident happened on one side of the road, and the car on the other side was running normally.
Traffic accident happened on one side of the road, and the car on the other side was running normally.
An accident happened on one side of the road, and the car on the other side was running normally.
Traffic accident happened on one side of the road, and the car on the other side was running normally.
A traffic accident happened on the road below the flyover, and the cars were completely out of shape.
There was a traffic accident on the road below the flyover, and the cars were completely out of shape.
An accident happened on the road below the flyover, and the cars were completely out of shape.
On the road below the flyover, there was a traffic accident, and all the cars were completely out of shape.
There was a traffic accident on the road below the flyover, and the cars were completely out of shape.
Some people swim in the water, and there are houses and mountains on the shore.
There are people swimming in the water, and there are houses and mountains on the shore.
Someone is swimming in the water, and there are houses and mountains on the shore.
Some people swim in the water, and there are houses and mountains on the shore.
There are people swimming in the water, and there are houses and mountains on the shore.
There is a crossing.
There is a red car on the zebra crossing.
On the zebra crossing is a red car.
There is a white-and-black police car.
The police car is near the red car.
There is a parking.
Many cars are parked in the parking.
The floor in the parking is black.
There are some white marks on the floor.
Three red cars are parked in the parking.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There was a large prairie on the shore where they rowed their boats.
No one watched them row the boat.
The weather for these guys boating was very good.
There are three lanes and two sidewalks on the road.
A red truck, a black car and a white car drive on the road.
There are some trees on the sidewalks.
The photo is taken at daytime.
The middle lane looks darker than others.
There was a traffic jam on the road, and there were tall buildings along the road.
Traffic jam happened on the road, and there was a river not far away.
Traffic jam happened on the road, and there were tall buildings along the road.
There was a traffic jam on the road and there was a river not far away.
The traffic jam happened on the road, and there were tall buildings along the road.
There are many cars on the overpass, and there is a traffic congestion on one of the roads.
Rivers are near the road where traffic congestions occur.
Many cars are on the overpass, and there is a traffic congestion on one of the roads.
The road where the traffic congestion occurs has a river nearby.
High buildings are near the road where traffic congestions occur.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
These people are rowing the boat extraordinary difficult.
The water on which they rowed the boat was very calm.
No one watched them row the boat.
This is a large baseball area.
Some people play baseball at night.
No one watched them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass ground on the baseball field.
There are two overpasses.
We can see trees on sides of the overpasses.
We can see lamps on overpasses.
There is a green truck on the overpasses.
There are many cars on the overpasses.
Many people in the street organized with flags in protest.
In the streets, many people are marching with flags in an organized way.
Many people in the street are holding flags in protest in an organized way.
In the streets, many people organized and held flags in protest.
Many people on the streets carrying flags of organized protests.
Some cars are speeding on the track, surrounded by many trees.
There are many trees around several cars speeding on the track.
Several cars are speeding on the track, surrounded by many trees.
There are many trees around several cars speeding on the track.
Several cars are speeding on the track, surrounded by many trees.
There is a farmland.
One field on the farmland is ploughed.
There is a red tractor.
The red tractor plough on one field.
The field between the ploughed field and the ploughing field is covered with grasses.
There are mountains.
The two mountains are made of stones.
We can see plants on mountains.
Between two mountains are fogs.
It is daytime.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were very happy, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
Some trees stand on land.
We can see bricks on the land.
There are bricks on the land.
We can see bricks under trees.
There are bricks under trees.
The village was hit by the flood.
Houses and streets in the village were soaked by the flood.
The houses and streets of the village were soaked by the flood.
Houses and streets in the village were flooded.
The village's houses and streets were soaked by the flood.
There are many highways.
There are some cars on highways.
Between highways are grasslands.
We can see fields of grass land far away.
There is a train on the way.
Some people swim in the sea, and there are mountains by the sea.
There are people swimming in the sea, and there are mountains by the sea.
Someone swims in the sea, and there are mountains by the sea.
People swim in the sea, and there are mountains by the sea.
There are people swimming in the sea, and there are mountains by the sea.
The red harvester feeds the wheat to the green wagon next to it.
Red harvesters feed wheat to green trucks nearby.
The red harvester feeds the wheat to the green van next to it.
Red harvester next to the wheat to green van.
The red harvester passes the wheat to the green van next to it.
Many cars are parked near the football field.
A lot of cars are parked near the football field.
The inside of the track is the football field.
On the inside of the track is the football field.
Next to the football field are trees and high lights.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
They ride their cycle extraordinary difficult.
They ride their cycle on extraordinary wide roads.
Every one of them was extraordinary prompt on their modified cycle.
The rhythm of their bicycles is very regular.
The water is clear, and there are people swimming in it.
Water is clear, and there are people swimming in it.
It's clear, and there are people swimming in it.
There are people swimming in the clear water.
Water is clear, and there are people swimming in it.
There is a highway.
We can see a red car on the highway.
We can see part of a white car.
Marks on the highway are yellow and white.
We can see some trees.
There are several people running on the road, and many cars are parked by the roadside.
A few people are running on the road, and many cars are parked by the roadside.
Some people are running on the road, and many cars are parked by the roadside.
A few people are running on the road, and there is a green lawn nearby.
Some people are running on the road, and there is a green lawn nearby.
There was a traffic jam on the highway in the evening.
A traffic jam happened on the highway in the evening.
In the evening, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
Traffic jam happened on the highway in the evening.
There was a traffic jam on the road in the forest area in the evening.
A building fire broke out in the night in the city, sending up a cloud of flames and smoke. Firefighters on the side of the road were trying to put out the fire.
A fire broke out in a building in the city during the night, sending up a cloud of flames and smoke. Fire crews along the road were trying to extinguish the flames.
Fire crews were trying to extinguish the fire on the side of the road. A fire broke out in a building in the city during the night, causing a cloud of flames and smoke.
A fire broke out in a building in the city during the night, creating a cloud of flames and smoke. Firefighters on the side of the road were trying to put out the fire.
Night a fire broke out in the building in the city, the fire and smoke all over the sky. Road next to the fire fighters in the fire.
Two green harvesters are harvesting crops and dust is set behind them.
The two green harvesters are harvesting the crops, and the dust is scheduled behind.
Two green harvesters harvest crops and dust is set behind them.
The two green harvesters are harvesting the crops, the dust is behind schedule.
Two green harvester in harvesting crops, behind schedule dust.
The end of the race has many cars.
At the end of the race, there are many cars.
Many cars are running at the end of the race.
Many people are waiting at the end of the race.
At the end of the race, there are many people waiting.
The harvester works in the fields at night with the light on.
Harvesters work in the fields at night with the lights on.
The harvester works in the fields at night with the lights on.
Harvester working in the fields with the lights on at night.
Harvesters work in fields at night with lights on.
There are two basketball courts.
The floor is too old to turn white in the basketball court.
We can see white marks on the floor of basketball court.
There are many trees near the basketball court.
One person stand on the basketball court.
Many racing cars were driving on the road, and a racing car was hit and flown.
A lot of racing cars were driving on the road, and one of them was crashed.
There were many racing cars driving on the road, and one of them was hit and flown.
Lots of racing cars were driving on the road, and one of them was hit and flown.
There were many racing cars driving on the road, and one of them was hit and flown.
A man is swimming in the blue sea.
One man is swimming in the blue sea.
I have a man take a siwm  in the blue sea.
I have a man swimming in the blove sea.
I have a man swimming in the blue sea mile.
The streets were crowded with people marching in protest.
The many people in the protests in the street.
People in the streets are marching in protest.
There are many people marching in the streets to protest.
A crowd of people marched in protest on the street.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a very tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Through days of arduous work by workers, the construction has taken on its basic shape.
There are a lot of steel bars on this construction site.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
A large number of people gathered at a religious activity.
Indians gathered in an open field for a religious activity.
A large number of people gathered at a religious activity.
Indians gathered in an open field for a religious activity.
Indians gather in a field with their lights on for a religious activity.
There are many mountains.
Many mountains are covered by nature trees.
Some mountains are covered by plants which are placed in lines.
There are some buildings at the foot of mountains.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
A number of people were walking and watching them row the boats.
The weather for their boating was very nice and sunny.
There is a straight road.
There is a circular road.
Some people walk on roads.
Between two roads is a sand land.
We can see shade of trees on the ground.
We can see mountains on the upper part of the photo.
There is a blue sea on the left of the photo.
near the sea is a sniff with grass and trees.
We can see a road through the trees on the land.
It is daytime when the photo is taken.
On sides of the highway are grasslands.
We can see three cars on the highway.
There is a gumball on top of a car.
The car with a gumball is a police car.
It is daytime.
One person is running by the lake, and there is a hillside beside it.
A person is running by the lake, and there is a hillside beside it.
One person is running by the lake, and there is a very clean lake next to it.
A man is running by the lake, and there is a clean lake beside him.
A person is running by the lake, and there is a clean lake next to it.
This is a tremendous concert scene next to the river.
The weather was also awfully nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
Someone is practicing playing football on the football field.
Someone is practicing playing football on the football field.
There are people practicing playing football on the football field.
The football field was surrounded.
Football field was surrounded.
There are some people sit on chairs in the party.
Some people in the party stand.
This is a glass table in the party.
Four person in the party wear hats.
There is a little pink chair in the party.
Some people are playing football on the grass, and the grass on the field is a little bald.
Somebody is playing football on the grass, and the grass on the field is a little bald.
There are people playing football on the grass, and the grass on the field is a little bald.
Someone is playing football on the grass, and the grass on the field is a little bald.
There are people playing football on the grass, and the grass on the field is a little bald.
The flood caused the river to overflow. Some roads were flooded.
Floods caused river to overflow. Part of the road was flooded.
The flood caused the river to overflow. Part of the road was flooded.
Cars were driving on the unflooded road. Part of the road was flooded.
The flood caused the water overflow. Part of the road was flooded.
It is a sunny day.So we can see light reflected from water in the river.
On side of river is many trees.
We can see white waves in the river.
We can see shade under trees on the river.
There are many stones in the river.
Not far from the football field are trees.
Trees are not far from the football field.
The football field is not far away from trees.
Two pairs of players are playing football on the football field.
On the football field, there are two pairs of players playing football.
There are many trees around the baseball area.
In the afternoon, a number of people enjoy baseball on the baseball court.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
Many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass area on the baseball field.
Someone is standing on the football field.
Someone is standing outside the football field. There are many trees.
Some people are standing outside the football field and there are many trees.
There is someone with the lights on outside the football field.
Someone is turning on the lights outside the football field.
This is a wide baseball area.
A number of people play baseball at morning.
There are many trees around the baseball area.
There is a road near the baseball area.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
The flood covered the road and the trees and land beside it.
Beside the road and trees and land flood drowned.
The flood submerged the road as well as the trees and land beside it.
The road and the trees and land next to it were flooded with water.
The flooding inundated the road, as well as the trees and land next to it.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
This conflict brought together a very large number of people.
A large number of people gathered and conflicted.
In this conflict, some people will smash cars.
Many people are marching in the streets with flags.
Many people are marching with flags in the streets.
On the streets of a lot of people carrying flags in the protests.
A lot of people in the street are holding flags in protest.
There are many people holding flags in the street marching in protest.
On the day of religious activities, many black people carry the bridal sedan chair.
The sedan chair at religious events has yellow and red.
Carrying the sedan chair is a religious activity.
There are many flowers on the sedan chair on this religious day.
On religious day, the black man carried the sedan chair through the streets.
Here are some cars parked here to race.
They race cars on the road.
Their race cars are colorful.
A lot of people watched them race their cars from the outside of the track.
There are six cars racing here.
There are many cars crowded together on one side of the road, and there are many trees nearby.
Many trees are near the road where traffic congestions occur.
Many cars are crowded on one side of the road, and there are many trees nearby.
There are many trees beside the road where traffic congestions occur.
A lot of cars are crowded on one side of the road, and there are many trees nearby.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
There is a man playing football on the lawn.
On the lawn there is a man playing football.
There are houses outside the football field.
One man is playing football on the lawn.
Turn on the lights in the football field.
A fire broke out in a house far away in the village, sending up a lot of black smoke.
A fire broke out in a distant house in the village, sending up a lot of black smoke.
A fire broke out in a house far away in the village, sending out a lot of black smoke.
Fire broke out in the village in a house in the distance produces a large amount of black smoke.
There was a fire in a house far away in the village that produced a lot of black smoke.
A few people are having a party.
There is a party at night.
There are may bulbs at the party.
Two people are talking at the party
There are many thing on the table at the party.
Many people gathered on the main road to watch the religious activities.
Orange flags are hung on the main roads.
There are people holding flags on the main road.
There are people holding orange flags on the main road.
Some people hold orange flags on the main road and some people sit in cars.
The yellow harvester reaped the grain and carried it into the back pockets.
Yellow harvester grain harvest to the back of the car in my pocket.
The yellow harvester reaped the grain and carried it into the back pocket.
A yellow harvester harvested the grain and transported it to the back pocket.
The yellow harvester reaped the grain into the back pocket.
Landslides have split roads and mountains into smaller pieces.
The landslide divided the road and mountain into many small pieces.
The landslide split the road and mountain into many small pieces.
The landslide has divided roads and mountains into many small pieces.
Landslide road and mountain is divided into many small pieces.
In places where religious activities are held, there were several black people dressed in red.
The religious people formed a circle.
Many people watch the religious activities.
On the day of religious activities, many people watch religious activities programs.
Many people watch the performances of religious activities.
In the street below the building, many people dressed in red were marching in protest.
On the street below the building, many people in red are marching in protest.
In the street below the building, many people in red were marching in protest.
In the street below the building, many people in red clothes were marching in protest.
Building under the streets of many of the people who wear red clothes in the protests.
Lots of athletes gathered at the starting point of the running competition.
There are many athletes gathered at the starting point of the running competition.
The starting point of the race is marked by the blue and white arch.
There are many people watching the race at the scene of the running race.
The running site has telephone poles and green lawns.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The weather was also very nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
A large number of people gathered and conflicted.
In this conflict, some people will smash cars.
People rush to a special place in this conflict.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Through days of hard work by workers, the construction has taken on its basic shape.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
Lots of cars parked around the basketball court.
In the afternoon,two people are playing basketball.
two people are playing basketball.
There is a wide basketball court.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
Many people are having a party.
There is a party on the sea.
There is a party on the ship.
It is sunny at the party.
Some people are swimming at the party.
The flood covered the woods. The base of the trees is in the water.
Floods inundated the woods. The bottoms of the trees are soaked in water.
The flood covered the woods. The bottoms of the trees are soaked in water.
Flooding the woods. Trees at the bottom of the bubble in the water.
The flood covered the woods. The bottoms of the trees were soaked in the water.
A father and son are running on the green lawn.
Father and son are running on the green lawn.
There is a father and son running in the football field, and there is a high lighting nearby.
There is a father and son running on the green lawn, and there are several football doors nearby.
Father and son are running on the green lawn, and there are several football doors nearby.
People are running on the road there are cars and green lawns near the road.
Someone is running on the road there are cars and green lawns near the road.
Some people are running on the road there are cars and green lawns near the road.
There is someone running on the road, and there is a baseball field nearby.
People are running on the road, and there is a baseball field nearby.
Many black people gathered in the streets for religious activities.
There are many buildings on both sides of the place where religious activities are held.
Many black people gathered in the streets for religious activities.
There are many buildings on both sides of the place where religious activities are held.
There were many people watching at the place where the religious activities was held.
Countless people marched in protest inside the football stadium.
Numerous people marched in the football field to protest.
Countless people marched on the football ground in protest.
There are countless people marching in the football field to protest.
Countless people paraded on the football field.
At night, there are many cars on the road, and there is a green lawn beside the road.
There are many cars on the road at night, and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
In the night, there are many cars on the road, and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
In the night, there are many cars on the road, and there is a green lawn beside the road.
It seems that there are many cars on the road at night, and there is a traffic congestion.
We can see clouds on the blue sky.
There are mountains.
There are trees on mountains.
There is a beach.
We can see white waves in the water.
They race cars when the weather is fine.
Their race cars are colorful.
This car kicks up a lot of dust from cornering.
There is a car drifting around.
They are all alone driving these cars.
There is no plant on the farmland.
On the farmland is a blue tractor.
The blue tractor equip up a blue plough.
We can see tyre marks on the farmland.
The farmland need to be ploughed.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
On the roofs is snow.
There is a mountain far away.
On the mountain is snow.
There is a road between the buildings.
The snow on the road has been cleaned.
There are so many people in conflict here.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
There is a triangular land surrendered by three roads.
Some cars are parked on the triangular land.
Some people gather at one part of the triangular land.
We can see some cars on the roads.
The photo is taken at daytime.
A green harvester was harvesting wheat in a dusty field.
The green harvester reaped wheat in a dusty field.
A green harvester reaps wheat in a dusty field.
The harvester in liquid green dust harvest the wheat fields.
A green harvester harvest the wheat fields in once more dust.
On the grassland is a building.
Some roof of the building are missing.
We can see a crack on a roof.
There is a person on the ladder.
We can see a roof made of wooden materials.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a very large number of people working together to complete it.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a lake.
There is a wharf.
Near the wharf is a yacht.
On the yacht are some people.
There are some people on the yacht.
This is a tremendous baseball area.
Some people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
Many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
This is a immense baseball area.
Some people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
The atmosphere of this concert is extraordinary cheerful, singing and dancing.
The people at this concert were extraordinary happy and extremely relaxed.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
There are many people swimming in the sea, and the sea is endless.
Many people swim in the sea, and the sea is endless.
A lot of people swim in the sea, and the sea is endless.
Lots of people swim in the sea, and the sea is endless.
Many people swim in the sea, and the sea is endless.
Road next to basketball court.
A lot of people are watching them play basketball.
This is a professional basketball court with portraits.
Lots of cars parked around the basketball court.
People surrounded the basketball court.
Trees and houses were swamped by the rushing water.
The rushing water covered trees and houses.
Trees and houses were swamped by the torrent of water.
Raging flood the trees and houses.
The fast-flowing water covered trees and houses.
This is a immense baseball area.
next to the baseball area is green grass.
The grass on the baseball field is awfully tremendous.
This is a large baseball area.
Nobody on this baseball ground.
In places where religious activities are held, there is a square lotus pond with mud.
In the place where the religious service is held, there is a square mud pond.
In the place where the religious activities are held, there is a square mud pond.
In the place where religious activities are held, there is a square mud pond.
In hold religious activities place, there is a square of muddy ponds.
Lots of runners started from the starting point, and both sides of the road were surrounded by boards.
Most runners started from the starting point, and both sides of the road were surrounded by boards.
Lots of runners start from the starting point. There are tall trees and houses on both sides of the road.
Most runners start from the starting point. There are tall trees and houses on both sides of the road.
Many runners start from the starting point. There are tall trees and houses on both sides of the road.
Here are a number of tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
The landslide opened large cracks in the barren mountain.
The landslide created large cracks in the barren mountain.
A landslide caused a big crack in the barren mountain.
The landslide caused large cracks in the barren mountain.
Landslides in the barren mountain appeared big cracks.
Floods covered trees and the first floor of the house. Only the tops of the trees are leaking above the water.
The flood covered the trees and the first floor of the house. Only the tops of the trees leak over the water.
Floods inundated the trees and the first floor of the house. Only the tops of the trees leaked over the water.
The water covered the trees and the first floor of the house. Only the top of the tree leaks over the water.
The floods have submerged trees and on the first floor of the house. Only the top of the tree leaks over the water.
Many people are running on the road, and many people are watching on both sides of the road.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there are many people watching on both sides of the road.
Lots of people are running on the road, and there are many people watching on both sides of the road.
There are many people running on the road, and there are green lawns and trees on both sides of the road
Many people are running on the road, and there are green lawns and trees on both sides of the road
There is a ruin of buildings.
There is a mess on the land.
There is a mess on top of the buildings.
A person on the ladder try to clean up the buildings.
We can see many gaps on the buildings.
This is a large baseball area.
In the morning, some people enjoy baseball on the baseball court.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
We can see some buildings.
All buildings are some kind of broken.
One building's roof is broken.
Some parts of the buildings fall down.
There is a mess on the second floor of a building.
They ride their cycle extraordinary difficult.
They ride their cycle on extraordinary wide roads.
Every one of them was extraordinary prompt on their modified cycle.
The rhythm of their bicycles is very regular.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road, and there were many trees nearby.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road. There was a green lawn between the two roads.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there were many trees nearby.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road, and there was a green lawn between the two roads.
The traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there were many trees nearby.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
There was a flood in the village. The road is full of water.
Many houses in the village were submerged by the flood.
The village was flooded. The road is full of water.
Many houses in the village were flooded.
The flood flooded roads and cars in the village. Parts of the house were also submerged.
Several people are swimming in the sea during the day.
There are several people swimming in the sea during the day.
Several people are swimming in the sea during the day.
Several people are take a swim  in the sea during the day.
Several people are swimming at the seaside during the day.
There is a football court.
The floor of football court is green.
We can see white and yellow marks on the floor of football court.
We can see a football team logo on the land.
There is a white football gate on the land.
There are many cars on the road.
There are many buildings near the road.
There is no activity on the road.
There is no activity on the road.
There is a flag near the road.
Near the parking is a highway.
There are many police cars on the highway.
The police cars are white-and-black.
Some policemen gather together.
Some policemen gather together near a police car.
In the golden field one harvester reaped the wheat, and another carried it to the granary.
In the golden field one harvester was harvesting the wheat, and another harvester was carrying it to the granary.
Golden a harvester in wheat harvest in the field, the other a harvester wheat into the barn.
In the golden field one harvester was harvesting the wheat and the other was carrying it to the barn.
In the golden fields one harvester reaps the wheat, and another carries it to the granary.
There are many cars on one side of the road, and there is a traffic accident on the other side.
A lot of cars are driving on one side of the road, and there is a traffic accident on the other side.
Many cars are driving on one side of the road, and there is a traffic accident on the other side.
On one side of the road, many cars are driving, and there is a traffic accident on the other side.
Many cars are driving on one side of the road, and there is a traffic accident on the other side.
People in the party huddle together.
There are many balloons in the party.
Some people in the party wear white.
Some people in the party wear black.
There party is in the evening.
Some people are playing football on the football field, and there are many trees around.
There are people playing football on the football field, and there are many trees around.
Many people are watching football outside the football field.
A lot of people are watching football outside the football field.
Outside the football field, many people are watching football.
Traffic on one side of the road is very heavy, while traffic on the other side is relatively smooth.
There is heavy traffic on one side of the road, and there are many tall buildings around.
On one side of the road, the traffic is very heavy, and there are many tall buildings around.
There is a heavy traffic on one side of the road, and the traffic on the other side is relatively smooth.
On one side of the road, the traffic is very heavy, while on the other side, the traffic is relatively smooth.
Several people are running on the road, and many trees are planted beside the road.
A few people are running on the road, and many trees are planted beside the road.
Several people are running on the road, and cars are passing by nearby.
Several people are running on a wide road. There is a trail near the wide road.
A few people are running on a wide road, and there is a trail near the wide road.
Here are a number of cars parked here to race.
They race cars at night.
They race cars on the road.
Their race cars are colorful.
There are a lot of trees near the road where they are racing.
A house in the village was destroyed by fire. And the firemen on the street were fighting the fire with their fire engines.
One of the houses in the village was destroyed by a fire. And the firemen on the street were trying to put out the fire with their fire engines.
A house in the village was destroyed by a fire. And firefighters on the street were fighting the fire with fire engines.
A house in the village was destroyed by a fire. And firefighters on the street were putting out the fire with their fire engines.
Village has a house destroyed by the fire, firefighters street with a fire truck in the fire.
We can see the sea.
We can see a ship on the water.
Near the ship is a yacht.
We can see a red skin raft on the yacht.
There are three person on the yacht.
The mud-rock flow caused the landslide and many plant stones slipped down.
The debris flow caused the landslide, and many plant stones slipped down.
The mudslide caused a landslide, and many plant stones fell down.
The mudslide caused the landslide, and many plant stones slipped down.
Cause landslides and debris flow many plant stone falling down.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road, and traffic on the other side.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there were many trees and houses nearby.
On one side of the road, there was a traffic jam, and many cars were trapped.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road, and many cars were trapped.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road, and there were many trees and houses nearby.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
Lots of cars parked there on the shore of the boat race.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
There are two highways.
There is a overpass over two highways.
There are many cars on the highways.
Between highways are lamps.
On sides of highways are trees and buildings.
There is a building.
The building is broken.
Many wooden materials in the building break down.
Parts of the building lose their shapes.
We can see broken wooden materials in the building.
A landslide caused cracks in the mountain.
Landslides caused cracks in the mountain.
Landslid caused cracks in the mountain.
The landslide caused cracks in the mountain.
Damaged mountain appeared cracks.
Traffic jam occurred on one side of the suburban road, and traffic was smooth on the other side.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the suburban road, and the traffic on the other side was smooth.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the suburban road, and there were many trees beside the road.
The traffic jam happened on one side of the suburban road, and the traffic on the other side was smooth.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the suburban road, and there were many trees beside the road.
Two teams of players are playing football on the football field.
On the football field, two teams of players are playing football.
There are lights on next to the football field.
Lights are on next to the football field.
Next to the football field, there are high lights.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also some houses on the shore of the boat race.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
There were some people watching them row the boat.
There are blue guard bars on the running track.
The running track has blue guard bars.
On the running track, there are blue guards.
There are blue guard bars on the running track.
Many people watch running by the blue guard pole.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
The man cycled on the road between the lawn and the mud.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
There is a lake.
There are many trees near the lake.
We can see snow on the trees.
We can see snow on the land.
The lake is icy.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there are street lamps nearby.
There are many people running on the road, and there are street lamps nearby.
Lots of people are running on the road, and there are street lamps nearby.
Lots of people running on the road.
Many people run on the roads.
The brown house near the lake is on fire sending up a cloud of black smoke.
A brown house by the lake was ablaze, sending black smoke into the sky.
The brown house near the lake caught fire and sent black smoke into the sky.
A brown house by the lake burst into flames, sending up a cloud of black smoke.
The brown house next to lake a blazing fire all over the sky black smoke.
A lot of loess flowed out of the distant green hills because of landslides.
There is a lot of loess flowing out of the distant green hills because of landslides.
In the distance, a lot of loess flowed out from the green hills due to landslides.
Many loess flowed out of the distant green hills because of landslides.
In the distance, a lot of loess flowed out of the green hills because of landslides.
Near the farmland are trees.
There is a blue tractor on the farmland.
The land on the right of the blue tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the left of the blue tractor has been ploughed.
On the unploughed land are grasses.
There are so many people in conflict here.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
This conflict brought together a awfully large number of people.
There is a beautiful building.
We can see water over the floor of the building.
The doors of the building are open.
The building looks skew in the water.
We can see part of a person in the water.
We can see a green tractor on the land.
The green tractor equip on a red plough.
The land on the right of the green tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the left of the green tractor has been ploughed.
There are some grasses on the unploughed land.
Many people play football on the football field, and the football field is made of white and red lines.
Lots of people play football on the football field, and the football field is made of white and red lines.
People play football on the football field, and the football field is made of white and red lines.
Many people play football on the football field and there is a sign in the middle of the field.
There is a sign in the middle of the field.
There are three police cars.
The doors of police cars are open.
Some policemen aim at someone.
We can see red-and-blue lights on police cars.
There are red-and-blue lights on police cars.
People wearing headscarves gather on the main road.
Someone in front led the way with a red flag.
People wearing orange scarves gather on the main road.
People wearing orange turbans gathered on the main road, and someone led the way.
Someone in front led the way with a red flag.
There are two teams of players playing football in the football field, one in yellow and the other in red.
There are two teams of players playing football in the football stadium. One team is wearing yellow clothes, the other team is wearing red clothes.
There are two teams of players playing football in the football stadium, one is wearing yellow clothes, the other is wearing red clothes.
Football fields, two players are playing football, one is wearing yellow clothes, team is dressed in red clothes.
The football field is green.
The fire engine in the street was putting out the fire in the house at night.
Fire broke out in the night on the streets of the fire in the house fire.
Fire trucks on the street at night put out the fire in the house.
The fire engines in the street were putting out the fire in the house at night.
Fire trucks on the street at night are putting out fires on houses that are on fire.
There are people swimming in the water and many people watching on the shore.
People are swimming in the water, and many people are watching on the shore.
Many buildings and trees are on the shore.
On the shore there are many buildings and trees.
A lot of buildings and trees are on the shore.
There are three brown buildings.
There is a grass land.
There are many clouds in the sky.
We can see solar power panels on one roof.
We can see clouds in blue sky.
There are buildings.
The buildings are placed neatly.
We can see stones on the field near a building.
Part of a building is missing.
We can see a hole on one building.
A man dressed in yellow with a yellow flag is attending a religious service.
A man dressed in yellow holds a yellow flag at a religious service.
A man dressed in yellow carries a yellow flag at a religious event.
A man dressed in yellow clothes with yellow flags in taking part in religious activities.
Religious leaders ride in cars to perform religious activities.
Many people swim in the swimming pool, which is separated by many ropes.
There are many people swimming in the swimming pool, which is separated by many ropes.
A lot of people swim in the swimming pool, which is separated by many ropes.
Lots of people swim in the swimming pool, which is separated by many ropes.
There are many people swimming in the swimming pool, which is separated by many ropes.
It is night when the party happen.
There is a big luminous object around the party.
There is a big luminous object around the party.
There is a big luminous object around the party.
One people in the party hold flashlight on his hand.
The mudslide washed away the bridge.
The mudslide broke the bridge.
Bridges were swept away by the landslide.
A mudslide broke the bridge.
Debris flows broke the bridge.
The collapse of the mountain destroyed the highway and caused cracks in the mountain.
The mountain collapse destroyed the highway and caused cracks in the mountain.
Mountain collapse destroyed roads and caused cracks in the mountain.
A mountain collapse destroyed the highway and caused cracks in the mountain.
The collapse of the mountain destroyed the road and caused cracks to appear in the mountain.
The flood flooded the bottoms of many buildings and some roads.
Many buildings are still flooded and at the bottom part of the road.
Some buildings and land were flooded.
The flood flooded the bottoms of many buildings and parts of the roads.
Many buildings and land were flooded.
Many people put fruit on the side of the lake to hold religious activities.
Many people place various fruits near the lake for religious activities.
Many people hold religious activities by placing fruits beside the lake.
A lot of people in the lake next to a variety of fruits to hold religious activities.
Many people place various fruits beside the lake to hold religious activities.
There is a big parking.
Many cars are parked in the parking.
Near the parking is a beach.
Many people relax on the beach.
There are some trees in the parking.
Many people take part in running races on the road.
A lot of people on the road to participate in the race.
There is grass next to the road where the running race takes place.
There is grass beside the road where the running race will take place.
In the race of the grass by the side of the road.
Traffic jam happened at the corner of the road, and there were many tall buildings on both sides.
A traffic jam happened at the corner of the road, and there were many tall buildings on both sides.
There was a traffic jam at the corner of the city road.
There was a traffic jam at the corner of the road, and there were many tall buildings on both sides.
Traffic jam happened at the corner of the road, and there were many tall buildings on both sides.
The place where the religious service is held has a rectangular object.
The place where religious activities are held is a rectangular object.
The place where the religious activities are held has a square object.
The place where religious activities are held is a cube.
Religious activity sites have a cube object.
There was a traffic jam on the road at the crossroads.
A traffic jam happened on the road at the crossroads.
Traffic jam happened on the road at the crossroads.
The traffic jam happened on the road at the crossroads.
There is a serious traffic jam on the road at the crossroads.
There is a highway.
Some cars are parked on one side of the highway.
We can see two police cars on the highway.
The two police cars run after a car.
It is at night.
At concerts, people use a flash to add to the atmosphere.
The weather was also awfully nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The lights on the concert venue are awfully bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A car accident happened on the road, and traffic police were investigating the scene.
On the road, there was a car accident, and there was a green lawn beside the road.
The car had an accident on the road, and there was a green lawn beside the road.
On the road, there was a car accident, and traffic police were investigating the scene.
Car accident happened on the road, and traffic police were investigating the scene.
The lights on the concert venue are awfully bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
There is a grassland.
The grassland looks yellow.
The grassland is yellow.
The plant on the grassland are yellow.
We can see mountains far away.
There is a cliff.
Under the cliff is the water.
The water looks blue.
There is a grassland with many trees.
We can see some buildings and a road on the land.
Someone is playing football on the football field, and there are many people sitting in the audience next to it.
There are people playing football on the football field, and there are many people sitting in the audience next to them.
Somebody is playing football on the football field, and there are many people sitting in the audience next to it.
Football stadium with spectators.
The football field has an audience.
There is a slope.
Near the slope is a mess.
There is a mess near the slope.
We can see wooden materials in the mess.
We can see a blue object in the mess.
Some people are swimming in the water, and there are many mountains not far away.
There are people swimming in the water, and there are many mountains not far away.
People are swimming in the water, and there are many mountains not far away.
There are people swimming in the water, and there are many mountains not far away.
People are swimming in the water, and there are many mountains not far away.
There is a fork highway.
We can see snow on the land.
We can see many cracks on the highway.
A car is parked in a field surrendered by cracks.
There are some people stand on the highway.
There are many people visiting the religious activities in the streets.
The place where the religious service is held has a large electronic screen.
In the evening, many people gather in front of big electronic screens to visit religious activities.
The place where the religious service is held has a large electronic screen.
In the evening, many people gather in front of big electronic screens to visit religious activities.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
People in the conflict put up signs in protest.
During the conflict, some activists will burn flags and other items to express protest.
There was a serious flood in the distant woods.
The distance to serious floods have happened in the woods.
Severe flooding occurred in the sparse woods in the distance.
There was a severe flood in the woods far away.
There was a severe flood in the sparse woods in the distance.
The flood flooded the village roads.
Flooded the village road.
The trees were immersed in the flood water.
Trees soaking in the flood.
The flood flooded the roads of the village.
Some buildings fall into pieces
Some buildings still stand.
Near the buildings are some cars.
The cars look dusty.
We can see holes on some buildings.
This is a professional rubber basketball court.
Some people play basketball in this court.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
No one watched them play basketball.
Several of them played basketball and laughed extraordinary happily.
Some people stood by the road to watch the running competition.
A few people stood by the road to watch the running competition.
Several people stood by the road to watch the running competition.
There are many trees in the running section.
There is a table next to the running section.
There is a river at the bottom of the photo.
The water is yellow in the river.
Near the river is a grass land.
There are many trees on the grass land.
We can see two lamps on the grass land.
We can see yellow plants on the farmland.
There is a farmland.
There is a tractor on the farmland.
There is a tractor ploughing on the farmland.
There is a tractor ploughing at daytime.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a very tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Through days of hard work by workers, the construction has taken on its basic shape.
There are a lot of steel bars on this construction site.
Fire engines on the ladder of a fire engine put out a house in the countryside that was burning and producing a lot of black smoke.
Fire engines on the ladder of fire engines put out a house in the countryside that was burning and producing a lot of black smoke.
Fire trucks are on their ladders to douse rural houses that are burning and producing large amounts of black smoke.
Fire trucks on the ladder of fire trucks put out a rural house on fire that was producing a lot of black smoke.
The fire in the fire on the ladder of generate a lot of black smoke in the house for the rural fire extinguishing.
Someone is swimming in the water, and there are many waves in the water.
Some people are swimming in the water, and there are many waves in the water.
There are people swimming in the water, and there are many waves in the water.
Somebody is swimming in the water, and there are many waves in the water.
Someone is swimming in the water, and there are many waves in the water.
Several people are running on one side of the road, and street lamps are installed beside the road.
There are several people running on one side of the road, and street lamps are installed beside the road.
Several people are running on one side of the road. There is a green lawn beside the road.
There are several people running on one side of the road, and there is a green lawn beside the road.
Several people are running on one side of the road. There are two orange lines in the middle of the road.
The lights are on in the football field at night.
There are cars parked on the side of the road outside the football field.
There is a light on the football field at night.
Many people play football in the football field at night.
At night, many people play football in the football field.
Many people run on the road at night.
In the night, many people run on the road.
There is a crane in the middle of the running section at night.
In the night, there are trees near the running road.
Trees are near the running road at night.
The weather was also very nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
Floods swept the entire village. Colorful houses soaked in water.
The flood swept through the whole village. Colorful houses are submerged in water.
Floods swept through the entire village. Colorful houses are soaking in water.
The roads were flooded. Colorful houses are submerged in water.
The flood swept the whole village. The colorful house was soaked in water.
The fire is big.
Big fire.
The fire produced a lot of smoke.
Fire produces a lot of smoke.
The conflagration produced a lot of smog.
Their cars are professionally modified.
The cars they race are very speedy.
They are all alone driving these cars.
The snow on which they race cars is awfully large and wide.
These few cars race cars on the snow.
Their race cars are colorful.
They are all alone driving these cars.
The cars they race are extremely speedy.
Their cars are professionally modified.
There are several cars racing in the snow.
There is a grass land.
There is a road going through the grass land.
The road is unsurfaced.
There are some trees on the grass land.
The grass land looks green.
At night, the firemen in the street use the ladder of fire truck to put out the fire of the house.
Firefighters on the street at night use the ladder of a fire truck to put out the house fire.
At night, firefighters in the streets use fire truck ladders to put out the fire of the house.
Firefighters on the street at night use the ladders of fire trucks to put out the house fire.
Night on the streets of firefighters used truck's ladder, water cannon to fire extinguishing a fire house.
We can see many police cars on the highways.
On the highway are many cars.
Many police cars are parked on the road.
Doors of the police cars are open.
We can see gumballs on the police cars.
The road was covered with snow, and the car skidded and had a traffic accident.
It snowed on the road, and the car skidded and had a traffic accident.
There is snow on the road, and there are many trees not far away.
A car is driving on the road, surrounded by buildings and telephone poles.
There was snow on the road, and the car skidded and had a traffic accident.
One man in shorts is swimming in the dark sea.
A man in shorts swims in the black sea .
The man in shorts is swimming in the dark sea.
There is a man in shorts swimming in the dark sea.
A man in shorts take a swim in the dark sea.
This is a big baseball area.
In the morning, a number of people enjoy baseball on the baseball court.
There are many trees around the baseball field.
There is a road near the baseball area.
There is a large grass area on the baseball area.
The road was covered with a lot of snow, and the front of a truck was turned 90 degrees.
Lots of snow accumulated on the road, and the front of a truck was turned 90 degrees.
A lot of snow accumulated on the road and a traffic accident happened.
The road was covered with a lot of snow and there was a traffic accident.
Lots of snow accumulated on the road, and there was a traffic accident.
There is a road bridge over another road.
There are many cars on the roads.
On the sides of the road is buildings and trees.
It is a sunny day.
We can see a mountain in the distance.
A lot of people are practicing religion.
There is smoke in places where religious services are held.
Many people gathered for religious activities.
Many people are going in one direction to attend religious activities.
A lot of people are practicing religion.
In the fields at night, harvesters cut the crops with their lights on. And to carry the grain to the next truck hopper.
In the fields at night, harvesters cut the crops with the lights on. And it carries the grain to the next bucket.
In the fields at night, harvesters cut the crops with lights on. And the food to the longshan temple next to the car.
Harvesters cut crops in the fields at night with lights on. And carry the grain to the next bucket.
Fields harvester to harvest the crops with the lights on the night. And carry the grain to the side of the bucket.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a very tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
A fierce mudslide was rushing down the river under the bridge.
Fierce mudslides were rushing down the river under the bridge.
A torrent of ferocious debris rushed down the river below the bridge.
Fierce mudslides were rushing down the river below the bridge.
Fierce debris flow in a bridge the river flow to rapidly.
A number of people play basketball at afternoon.
There is a rubber basketball court here.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
No one watched them play basketball.
There are many electric cars parked around the basketball court.
The rhythm of their bicycles is awfully regular.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
The man was riding a cycle on the very relaxed road.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are a lot of conflict going on here.
There are so many people in conflict here.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
The mountain was cracked by the landslide.
There were many cracks in the mountain from the landslide.
There are many cracks in the mountain because of the landslide.
There were many cracks in the mountain because of the landslide.
Because mountain landslides appeared a lot of cracks.
There is a wharf.
We can see ships on the water.
There is a two floor building.
Many people gather together on the second floor.
We can see trees on the land.
Traffic jams are caused by landslides along the road in the green jungle.
There are landslides on the side of the road in the green jungle, causing traffic congestion.
Green jungle road appeared between the landslide phenomenon lead to traffic jams.
There are landslides along the road in the green jungle, causing traffic jams.
There are landslides along the road in the green jungle, causing traffic congestion.
There is a cliff after an earthquake.
The earthquake make a cliff on the land.
After the earthquake, there is an earthquake.
The land form a cliff after the earthquake.
We can see a cliff on the land.
A man swims in shallow water.
A man is swimming in shallow water.
There is a man swimming in the sea dress a diving suit.
One person is swimming in shallow water.
There is a man swimming in shallow water.
The constructing will take a number of time to complete.
The constructing required a awfully large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
Yellow harvesters harvest crops in the fields.
The yellow harvester is harvesting crops in the field.
Yellow harvester harvest their crops in the fields.
The yellow harvester harvests crops in the farmland.
Yellow harvester harvests crops in farmland.
There is a crossing.
We can see some trees.
There are some white cars.
Most cars are white.
It is daytime.
On the edge of awfully tall trees, they are having a cycle race.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
The weather for their boating was very nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extremely arduous.
There is a bridge over the water where they row the boat.
No one watched them row the boat.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take a number of time to complete.
The constructing required a very large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
On the bottom half of the photo is an amusement park.
On the top half of the photo is a mountain with trees and some roads on it.
There is a sky wheel in the amusement park.
There are only two cars on the parking of the amusement park.
We can see no one in the amusement park.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
This is a large baseball area.
Some people play baseball at night.
The lights of this baseball field are extraordinary bright.
The grass on the baseball ground is awfully large.
There is a road in the middle of the baseball area.
There are several people waiting for the athletes to arrive at the end of the running competition.
A few people are waiting for the athletes to arrive at the end of the running competition.
The sign of a few people at the end of the running race is a blue and white arch.
A blue-and-white arch is the sign of several people at the end of the running race.
The sign of a few people at the end of the running race is a blue-and-white arch.
Three people are on the football field.
On the football field there are three people.
There are many trees near the football field.
Many trees are near the football field.
There is a black fence on the football field.
A person is running on the road with a green lawn beside him.
One person is running on the road with a green lawn beside him.
There is a green lawn beside a person running on the road.
A telephone pole is near the running section.
Near the running road, there are telephone poles.
On the right of the beach is the sea.
On the left of the beach are grasslands.
The water in the sea looks blue.
We can see white boxes on the beach.
There are many people on the beach.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
The man is riding his cycle on the path near the field in the country.
They ride their cycle on extraordinary wide roads.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide down, and many soil and plants fell off.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide, and a lot of soil and plants slipped.
Landslid caused the mountain to slide, and a lot of soil and plants slipped.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide, and a lot of dirt and plants slipped.
Landslides caused the mountain to slide, and many soil and plants fell.
The weather for their boating was extremely nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extremely arduous.
The water on which they rowed the boat was very calm.
There are some boats racing on this river.
The water on which they rowed the boat was extremely cloudy.
Many people are having a party.
Some people are on the chairs at the party.
Some people are eating at the party.
There are some flowers at the party.
There is a band at the party.
The landslide destroyed the house and caused a mess.
A landslide destroyed houses, causing chaos.
Landslid destroyed houses, causing chaos.
The landslide destroyed the house and left a mess.
Landslides destroyed houses and caused chaos.
A few people are having a party.
Some people hold a cup on the hand.
The party is on wooden count.
People are talking at the party.
One person wear a sunglasses at the party.
Many people play football on the football field.
A lot of people play football on the football field.
There are many people playing football on the football field.
Many people are playing football on the football field, and there is a high light nearby.
A lot of people are playing football on the football field, and there is a high light nearby.
Dust swirled behind a green mower harvesting wheat in the field.
The green mower reaps wheat in a dusty field.
A green mower cuts wheat in the field, dusting behind it.
Dust swirls behind a green mower harvesting wheat in a field.
A green passage machine harvest the wheat in the fields of dust behind once more.
Some people play basketball at afternoon.
There is a tremendous rubber basketball court here.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
No one  is watching them play basketball.
They are extraordinary delighted playing basketball.
They were riding their cycle around the mountainside.
They ride their cycle awfully speedy.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
We can see a orange excavator working near the ruin.
We can see many wooden poles of the ruined building.
There are many people working near the ruined building.
Some parts of the building is broken down.
The ruined building looks dusty.
There is a lake.
Near the lake is a highway.
Around the lake are trees.
We can see white stones out of the water.
We can see part of the lakebed.
The party is around  a swimming pool.
The party is in the afternoon.
There are some trees around the party.
Some person sit on chairs at the party.
There are two sculptures at the party.
Many people gathered for a religious activity.
The place where religious services are held has a red carpet.
There are trees in places where religious activities are held.
There are lights in places where religious services are held.
Where religious services are held, there are a lot of people standing on the red carpet.
A ferocious mudslide flowed through the village road, blocking several vehicles.
Fierce mudslides flowed through the village road, blocking several vehicles.
Fierce mud-rock flow from the road through the village, blocked a few cars.
A fierce mudslide ran through the village road, blocking several cars.
The fierce mudslide ran through the village road and blocked several cars.
Brown mudslides flooded village rivers and village roads.
Brown mud covered the creek village and village roads.
The brown debris flow flooded the village river and the village road.
A brown debris flow flooded the village river and the village road.
There was a brown debris flow that flooded the village river and the village road.
A ferocious mudslide cascaded down the mountain.
Fierce mudslides tumbled down the mountain.
Fierce mudslides cascaded down the mountain.
A torrent of ferocious debris flowed down the mountain.
Fierce mud-rock flow moving from the mountain.
Fierce mudslides flooded the land and continued to advance.
The fierce debris flow flooded the land and continued to move forward.
A fierce mudslide flooded the land and continued to move forward.
Fierce mudslides flooded the land and continued to move forward.
Fierce mudslides flooded land, continue to move forward.
We can see four cars.
On the left of the white car is a black police car.
On the right of the white car is a black-and-white police car.
A white car is stopped between two police cars.
A white car is parked between two police cars.
In the evening there was a fire in the house and the fire engine was putting out the fire.
There was a fire in one of the houses at night, and fire trucks were putting out the fire.
In the evening there was a fire in the house, and the fire engine was putting it out.
There was a fire house again in the evening, fire truck in the fire.
A fire broke out in one of the houses at night, and fire trucks were fighting the fire.
Three firefighters on the roof of the building at noon are putting out the fire for the building where the fire .
Firefighters are using professional equipment to put out a fire in a building.
At noon, three firefighters were putting out the fire for the building with black smoke.
Three firefighters on the roof of the building at noon are putting out the fire in the building.
Three firefighters are using professional equipment to put out a fire in a building that is on fire.
This is a simple basketball court.
A number ofone is playing basketball.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
He is defending guys playing basketball.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
The racing car is speeding on the track, and it seems that it will be knocked out of the track.
The car sped along the track, and seemed to be knocked out of the track.
As the racing car sped along the track, it seemed to be knocked out of the track.
A racing car is speeding on the track, and it seems that it will be knocked out of the track.
The car sped along the track, and seemed to be knocked out of the track.
We can see three red tractors on the farmland.
Unploughed land looks yellow.
Three red tractors work on the land.
Three red tractors plough on the land.
Three red tractors plough at daytime.
There is a crossing.
There is a petrol station.
The traffic lights are on ropes.
A bus want to turn right in the crossing.
We can see many telegraph poles.
The mudslide is about to reach the house under the woods.
The mudslide was about to reach the house under the woods.
Debris flow is arrived at the house under the trees.
The muds are about to reach the houses under the trees.
Debris flow is about to reach the house under the woods.
We can see a farmland.
There is a blue tractor on the farmland.
The land on the right of the tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the left of the tractor has been ploughed.
The blue tractor plough on the farmland.
Mudslides of mud, trees and stones flowed violently down the mountain.
Mudslides mixed with mud, trees and stones flowed down the mountain.
Mud, trees, stones and mud flowed down the mountain.
Mudslides, mixed with mud, trees and stones, came down violently from the mountains.
Trees mixed with clay stone debris flow fierce down from the mountain.
The party take place on the sea.
The party take place at daytime.
There are many yacht at the party.
Some people in the party are shirtless.
Someone swim in water in the party.
There is a parking.
Some cars are parked on grass in the parking.
The roads in the parking are unsurfaced.
On sides of the parking are trees.
There is a road on the exit of the parking.
Many individuals run on the road near the gas station.
A lot of individuals run on the road near the gas station.
There are many individuals running on the road near the gas station.
Lots of individuals are running on the road near the green lawn.
There are many individuals running on the road near the green lawn.
There is a mountain.
There is a lake on the mountain.
The lake is on a mountain.
We can see some stones out of water.
We can see shade of clouds in the water.
This is a huge rubber basketball court.
Some people play basketball at afternoon.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
No one watched them play basketball.
They are chasing the guy with the basketball.
Here are some baseball grounds.
In the morning, some people play baseball on the baseball court.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There are many trees next to the baseball field.
There is a small house in the middle of the baseball area.
The weather was also very nice when they were watching the concert.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
In the suburbs of the city, there was a traffic jam on the highway for several days.
There was a traffic jam on the highway in the suburbs of the city for several days.
A traffic jam occurred on the highway in the suburbs of the city for several days.
Traffic jam happened on the highway in the suburb of the city for several days.
The traffic jam happened on the highway in the suburb of the city for several days.
Cars on the road are running normally, and there are many trees beside the road.
Vehicles on the road are running normally, and there are many trees beside the road.
The cars on the road are running normally, and there are many trees beside the road.
There are many trees beside the road, because the cars on the road are running normally.
Vehicles on the road are running normally, and there are many trees beside the road.
Through days of hard work by workers, the construction has taken on its basic shape.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
The constructing required a very large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are a number of trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
Someone is swimming in the water, which is very clear.
There are people swimming in the water, which is very clear.
Somebody is swimming in the water, which is very clear.
There are people swimming in the water, which is very clear.
Somebody is swimming in the water, which is very clear.
There is a square.
We can see a statue on the square.
On the left of the square is a highway.
There are many people on the square.
There are some yellow trees on the square.
Their race cars are colorful.
There are a lot of trees near the road where they are racing.
There are a number of houses around the track where they race their cars.
There are some cars racing on the road.
Their cars are professionally modified.
On the day of religious activities,people circle around a symbolic piece of cloth.
Religious activities are held in the evening.
People gather in one area to engage in religious activities..
The religious believers marked the eagle's head.
There are two headlights in the center of the specific place where religion is held.
Some people stand on the wide basketball court.
No one watches their basketball game.
There are many green trees around the basketball area.
Many people enjoy basketball at afternoon.
People on the basketball court are wearing short sleeves.
There was a traffic jam on the road, and many car owners got off the station and got on the road.
The traffic jam happened on the road, and there were many trees nearby.
A lot of cars are on the overpass, and there is a traffic jam on one road.
There was a traffic jam on the road, and there were many trees nearby.
On the overpass, there are many cars, and there is a traffic jam on one road.
Someone is swimming in the water, and there are many trees on the top beside the water.
There are some people swimming in the water, and there are many trees on the top beside the water.
People are swimming in the water, and there are many trees on the water.
Someone is swimming in the water, and there seems to be an orange swimming ring in the water.
There is someone swimming in the water, and there seems to be an orange swimming ring in the water.
The mudslide submerged the house and only the roof was exposed.
The mudslide submerged the houses, leaving only the roofs exposed.
Debris flow flooded the house, and only the roof was exposed.
The mudslide submerged the houses and only the roofs were exposed.
Mudslides flooded homes, only the roof.
Two cars collided on the road, and there were trees along the road.
There was a collision between two cars on the road, and there were trees along the road.
There was a collision between two cars on the road.
On the road, two cars collided.
There are two cars collided on the road, and there are trees along the road.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a awfully tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
This conflict brought together a extraordinary large number of people.
A large number of people gathered and conflicted.
In this conflict, some people will smash cars.
People rush to a special place in this conflict.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The band is marching in protest in the street.
The band was marching in protest in the street.
Band on the streets in protest.
A band is marching in the street to protest.
Band is marching in the street to protest.
There are football courts.
The floor of the football court looks green.
We can see white and yellow marks on the football court.
There is a football team logo on the land.
We can see a football team logo on the land.
In the streets below the building many people were marching in protest.
In the street below the building, many people were marching in protest.
In the street below the building many people are marching in protest.
Many people are marching in protest in the street below the building.
Building under a lot of people in the streets of the protests.
The weather was very nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle awfully speedy.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
The man jumps in the air with the ball.
Under the kid with the basketball is an elephant.
There is no basketball hoop on this grass.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
The little boy jumped extraordinary high with a basketball.
Two teams of players are playing football on the field inside the track and field.
There are two teams of players playing football on the field inside the track and field.
Someone from two teams is playing football on the field inside the track and field.
Trees and flags are near the football field.
The football field is surrounded by trees and flags.
Old houses huddle together.
On the right of the river are houses.
On the left of the river is a wasteland.
Roofs are irregular.
Sunlight reflect from the water.
Running alone on the road near the parking lot.
A person runs on the road near the parking lot.
One person is running on the road, and there are several tall buildings in the distance.
A person is running on the road, and there are several tall buildings in the distance.
One person is running on the road, and there are many cars nearby.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide down, destroying the houses below.
A landslide caused the mountain to slide down and destroyed the houses under the mountain.
Landslid caused the mountain to slide down and destroyed the houses under the mountain.
Landslides caused the mountain to slide down and destroyed the houses under the mountain.
The mountain landslide slip off, destroyed the house below.
There are many buildings.
Many buildings huddle together.
There is a lamp with red-and-white pole.
Many trees live between buildings.
Many trees stand between buildings.
This is a immense baseball area.
Some people play baseball at night.
no one watched them play baseball.
Many cars parked near the baseball field.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
There are people swimming in the water, and they are protected by life-saving tools.
Someone is swimming in the water, and they are protected by life-saving tools.
People are swimming in the water, and they are protected by life-saving tools.
Someone is swimming in the water, and someone is boating nearby.
There are people swimming in the water, and there are people boating nearby.
There are many highways.
The highways connect in a complex way.
There are buildings with many windows on them.
The photo is taken at daytime.
There is a ring road.
The truck on the road had an accident.
A truck on the road had an accident.
There was a truck accident on the road.
A truck on the road had an accident.
Truck on the road had an accident.
Some people have a party on the sea.
The party take place on a ship.
Some people is shirtless in the party.
One person in the party wear red shirt.
The ship on which party take place is white.
This is a immense baseball area.
Some people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
no one watched them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
The constructing required a very large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
The road was cracked by a landslide.
There was a crack due to the landslide of the highway.
A crack appeared because of the landslide of the highway.
The road was cracked by the landslide.
Because highway landslides cause cracked.
The lights on the concert venue are awfully bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Some people are swimming in the sea.
There are people swimming in the sea.
There are people swimming in the endless sea.
As far as the sea is concerned, there are people swimming in the sea.
There is no end to the sea, and there are people swimming in the sea.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there was a residential area nearby.
There is a residential area near the traffic jam.
A residential area is near the road where traffic jams occur.
A traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there was a residential area nearby.
On one side of the road, there was a traffic jam, and there was a residential area nearby.
There was a traffic accident on the road, and there was a lawn nearby.
A traffic accident happened on the road, and there was a lawn nearby.
An accident happened on the road, and there was a lawn nearby.
The road had a traffic accident, and there was a lawn nearby.
There was a traffic accident on the road, and there was a lawn nearby.
There is a lake.
We can see the lakebed.
We can see mountains far away.
The lake reflect the shade of mountains.
Parts of mountains looks white.
Many people sat in the auditorium watching the religious activities.
The religious leaders performed religious activities on the stage of the auditorium.
Religious leaders performed religious activities on the stage of the auditorium.
Religious leaders in the auditorium of the stage performances for religious activities.
Hold religious activities in the auditorium.
The two cars collided and their bodies were destroyed.
There was a collision between two cars, and their bodies were destroyed.
Two cars are colliding and their bodies are destroyed.
The two cars collided on the road with telephone poles and road signs.
There are telephone poles and road signs on the side of the road.
This is a large baseball area.
Some people play baseball at night.
No one watched them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
There are many people doing cycle races on the ring road.
The weather was very nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle awfully speedy.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
Mudslides washed onto roads, blocking traffic.
The mudslide washed onto the road, blocking traffic.
Debris flow rushed onto the road and blocked the traffic.
The mudslide hit the road and blocked traffic.
Mudslides rushed onto the road, blocking the traffic.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
This is a huge professional basketball court.
Road next to basketball court.
No one watched them play basketball.
Bright sunshine on basketball area.
There are basketball courts.
The walls of basketball courts are green.
The floor is black and red in basketball courts.
Behind the basketball courts is a field with plants.
Two person walk on the road near the basketball court.
Landslides caused many plants and stones to slide down the mountain.
Landslid caused many plants and stones to slide down the mountain.
The landslide caused many plants and stones to slide down the mountain.
Landslide caused many plants and stones to slide down the mountain.
The landslide caused many plants and stones to slide down the mountain.
Some part of the building break down after an earthquake.
We can see woods used in the building.
The roof of the building is distorted.
We can see bricks on the land.
A wall of the building break down.
Firefighters on the ladder are putting out a fire with a water cannon in a burning house.
A house in the forest was destroyed by fire in a dilapidated state. Firefighters on the ladder are putting out the fire.
Firefighter on the ladder is putting out fire with water cannon on a burning house in the forest.
Firefighters on the ladder are putting out fire with water cannon on burning house in forest.
A house in the forest was destroyed by fire in a dilapidated state. Firefighters on the ladder are putting out the fire.
A lot of people run in the snow.
Lots of people run in the snow.
There are many people running in the snow.
Lots of people gather to run, and there is endless snow beside them.
There are many people gathering for running, and there is endless snow beside them.
They ride their cycle extraordinary difficult.
They ride their cycle on extraordinary wide roads.
Every one of them was very prompt on their modified cycle.
The rhythm of their bicycles is extraordinary regular.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
There was a landslide in the mountain, and cracks appeared along the road.
A landslide occurred in the mountain, and a road crack appeared.
The mountain collapsed, and cracks appeared along the road.
Mountain landslide occurred, and cracks appeared along the road.
There was a landslide in the mountain, and a large crack appeared.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
These people ride cycle on the path in the middle of the stream.
Every one of them was extraordinary speedy on their modified cycle.
The rhythm of their bicycles is very regular.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
We can see a white car on the concrete floor.
After the white car is a white-and-black car.
The white-and-black car is a police car.
The police car run after the white car.
In front of the police car is a white car.
A triangular land is surrendered by the sea.
There is a beach on the land near the sea.
Many people relax on the beach or swim in the sea.
Behind the beach are buildings surrendered by trees.
There are many clouds in the blue sky.
This is a extraordinary big baseball field.
Some people enjoy baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball area.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball area.
On the day of religious activities, there are many people carrying a sedan chair.
There were many people crowding the road to watch the religious activity.
The bridal sedan chair at religious events is colorful.
There are many black people carrying sedan chairs in the streets to attend religious activities.
There are a lot of people taking part in religious activities in the streets.
There are people playing football on the football field, and there are trees beside the field.
Some people are playing football on the football field, and there are trees beside the field.
People are playing football on the football field, and there are trees beside the field.
There are people playing football on the football field, and there are high lights in the middle of the field.
Some people are playing football on the football field, and there are high lights in the middle of the field.
In this conflict, some people will smash cars.
People rush to a special place in this conflict.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
Fire trucks on the street are putting out the fire in the house in the forest.
Fire trucks on the street are putting out the fire in the house in the forest.
The houses in the forest burned and produced a lot of smoke. The fire engines on the street are fighting the fire.
The house in the forest started a raging fire.
Fire trucks on the street are putting out fires for burning houses.
The football cup is placed on a white line.
The one in blue is playing football.
An dressed in blue is playing football.
Football cups are placed on a white line.
A football cup is placed on a white line.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
Several racing cars collided on the track, emitting white smoke.
Several racing cars collided on the track, and the track was surrounded by steel bars.
Some racing cars collided on the track, and white smoke came out.
The cars collided on the track, and white smoke came out.
There was a traffic accident on the road, with street lights on.
We can see a building stand.
Near the building are cars.
The cars looks dusty.
There is a mess of building materials on the land.
On the land are pieces of buildings.
There was a fire at a house in the forest. The firemen on the road were using water cannons to put it out.
The house in the forest is on fire. Firefighters on the road were using high-pressure water cannons to put it out.
There is a fire in a house in the forest. Firefighters on the road are using water cannons to put it out.
The house in the forest is on fire. Firefighters on the road were using high-pressure water cannons to extinguish it.
A forest fire broke out in the house, the road of firefighters with water cannon fire.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
Lots of cars parked there on the shore of the boat race.
No one watched them row the boat.
Two green harvesters were working together in the field.
Field of two green harvester works in cooperating with each other.
The two green field harvester works in cooperating with each other.
Two green harvesters are working together in the field.
The two green harvesters are working together in the field.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road, and there was a lawn next to the road.
There was a traffic jam on one side of the road, and the vehicles on the other side were running normally.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and the vehicles on the other side were running normally.
Traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there was a lawn next to the road.
A traffic jam happened on one side of the road, and there was a lawn next to the road.
The dense crowd beneath the tall buildings were marching in protest.
The dense crowd under the tall building is marching in protest.
High-rise buildings are crowded with people marching in protest.
The dense crowd under the tall buildings were marching in protest.
Under the tall buildings of the dense crowd in protests.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle very speedy.
Debris flowed down the village stream.
Debris flowed down the creek in the village.
The debris flow flows down the village river.
Debris flowed down the village creek.
The river is flowing down of debris flow along the village.
Some people play basketball at afternoon.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
There are two rubber courts here.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
Road next to basketball court.
There were two runners passing the sidewalk, and there were many people watching.
There are two runners passing the sidewalk, and there are many people watching.
Two runners passed the sidewalk, surrounded by many people.
A couple of runners passed the sidewalk with a green lawn beside them.
The two runners passed the sidewalk with a green lawn beside them.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
People in the conflict put up signs in protest.
During the conflict, some activists will burn flags and other items to express protest.
This is a large baseball area.
In the morning, a number of people play baseball on the baseball court.
next to the baseball field is green grass.
The parking lot is next to the baseball area.
The baseball ground is inside the stadium.
On the land are some buildings.
Parts of the buildings are broken.
Parts of the buildings fall into pieces.
We can see bricks on the land.
There are wooden materials on the land.
A number of people were walking and watching them row the boats.
The weather for their boating was very nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extremely arduous.
There are many trees near where they row the boat.
The water on which they rowed the boat was very calm.
We can see a mountain covered by snow far away.
Two white ships are parked near the land.
There are some string link the ship and the land.
Some snow on the land has been swept.
We can see one person with red jacket stand on the land.
In the streets by the sea, many people are marching with colorful flags.
Many people are marching with colorful flags in the seaside streets.
In the seaside streets, many people are marching with colorful flags.
The many people in the streets of holding colored flag in protest.
Many people on the streets by the sea are marching in protest with colorful flags.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
There are many people doing cycle races on the ring road.
The weather was extraordinary nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a difficult hat while riding the cycle.
We can see snow on the road and roofs.
On sides of the road are buildings
Walls of some buildings are missing.
There are wastes near the broken building.
Most buildings are broken.
There was a car accident on the road, and several people were beside the car.
A car accident happened on the road, and several people were beside the car.
An accident happened on the road, and several people were beside the car.
There was a car accident on the road, and several people were beside the car.
A car accident happened on the road, and several people were beside the car.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
These people are rowing the boat extremely arduous.
The water on which they rowed the boat was extremely calm.
There was a reflection of the sun on the water where they rowed the boat.
An accident happened on the road, and there was a tree beside the road.
There was a traffic accident on the road, and there was a tree beside the road.
The road had a traffic accident, and there was a tree beside it.
There was a traffic accident on the road, and there was a tree beside the road.
An accident happened on the road, and there was a tree beside the road.
The lights on the concert venue are awfully bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
We can see a mountain far away.
On the mountain is snow.
There is a lake with ice on it.
There are many trees.
There is snow on trees.
There are at least three police car.
Two cars are surrounded by police cars.
We can see two policemen stand on one car.
One policeman on the car check things in the car.
Some policemen gather together.
A landslide occurred in the mountain, resulting in a gray section.
The mountain collapsed, resulting in a gray section.
There was a landslide in the mountain, resulting in a gray section.
Mountain landslide occurred, resulting in a gray section.
A landslide occurred on the mountain, resulting in a grey section.
Lots of people running on the road and there is a basketball and volleyball court nearby.
Many people run on the road and there is a basketball court and volleyball court nearby.
Many people run on the road. There is a basketball court and volleyball court nearby.
A lot of people run on the road, and there is a basketball court and volleyball court nearby.
There are many people running on the road, and there is a basketball court and volleyball court nearby.
There is a farmland.
There is a green tractor on the farmland.
We can see yellow crops on unploughed fields.
Ploughed fields are covered by soil.
Most of the farmland wait to be ploughed.
There are people playing football in a football stadium with spectators and high lights.
Someone is playing football in a football stadium with spectators and high lights.
People play football in the football stadium, next to the audience and high light.
There are people playing football in the football field, and there are houses outside.
Someone play football in the football stadium, there were houses.
The boy in red is running in a clearing.
There is a boy in red, running in a clearing.
One boy in red is running in a clearing.
Near the running place of a boy in red, there are mountains.
The running place of a boy in red has a mountain range nearby.
This is an open-air cement basketball court.
There is a man who is dribbling basketball.
This guy plays basketball in the sun.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
Road next to basketball court.
Green harvesters work in the fields.
The green harvester works in the field.
Green harvester working in the field.
The green harvester working in the crop field.
A green harvester works in the field.
This is a large baseball area.
No one plays baseball on the field.
No one watched them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
We can see a yellow farmland.
There is a blue tractor on the yellow farmland.
The land on the left of the blue tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the right of the blue tractor has been ploughed.
We can see a line between ploughed field and unploughed land.
There are two similar sport courts on the land.
We can see a slim road between two sport courts.
There are many trees around the left sport court.
The waves lap on the shore on the top left of the photo.
A building with brown roof stand between two sport court.
There is a crossing.
We can see yellow marks on the road.
We can see a red car on the road.
There is a red car on the road.
We can see a black car on the road.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
This conflict brought together a awfully large number of people.
This is a huge baseball area.
A number of people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
There are many trees around the baseball area.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
One person is running on the outdoor road, and there are green lawns and trees nearby.
A man is running on an outdoor road, and there are green lawns and trees nearby.
One person is running on the outdoor road, and there are several cars nearby.
A person is running on an outdoor road, and there are several cars nearby.
A person is running on the outdoor road, and the road is asphalt.
A man is running by the sea in red.
One is running by the sea in red.
There is a mountain nearby, running by the sea alone.
One is running by the sea, and there is a mountain nearby.
A man is running by the sea, and there is a mountain nearby.
There is a green tractor.
The land on the right of the red tractor has been ploughed.
The land on the left of the red tractor need to be ploughed.
The land with white wheels on it need to be ploughed
The land without white wheels on it has been ploughed
The mudslide destroyed houses and left a mess.
A mudslide destroyed the house and made a mess.
The mudslide destroyed houses and made a mess.
Debris flow destroyed houses and made a mess.
Mudslides destroyed houses and make a mess.
There are some building stand on land with yellow roofs.
Some cars are parked near buildings.
Some buildings fall into pieces.
There are pieces of buildings on the land.
There is a mess on the land.
A number of buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a awfully large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
Mudslides flooded and destroyed homes and left a mess.
Mudslides flooded and destroyed houses and created a mess.
The mudslide flooded and destroyed houses, making a mess.
A mudslide flooded and destroyed houses, making a mess.
Mudslides flooded and destroyed homes, make a mess.
There is a mess on the land.
On the land are many broken wooden materials.
There are many broken wooden materials on the land.
The poles made of bricks stand on the land.
Near the poles are broken wooden materials.
Thousands of people marched through the streets wearing purple shirts and carrying placards.
Countless people marched in the streets wearing purple shirts and holding signs.
The streets there are thousands of people who dressed in purple coat holding brand protests.
Countless people in purple shirts and holding signs marched in the streets.
Countless people marched in the streets wearing purple shirts and carrying placards.
There is a building with orange walls.
Some part of the orange building is broken.
We can see a hole on the building.
There are some stones on the land.
A door of the building is out of its place.
A raging fire full of cargo on the street produced black smoke. Firefighters used the high-pressure water cannon of the fire truck to put out the fire.
A raging fire filled with cargo on the street produced black smoke. Firefighters were using the high-pressure water cannon of the fire truck to put out the fire.
On the street, a truck full of goods was set ablaze. Sending black smoke billowing into the air as firefighters used a water cannon from a fire engine to extinguish the flames.
A truck full of goods caught fire in the street. Sending black smoke into the air as firefighters used a water cannon from a fire engine to douse the flames.
On the street, a truck full of goods was set ablaze. Sending black smoke into the sky, and firefighters were using water cannons from fire trucks to extinguish the flames.
There are four basketball courts.
A number of people enjoy basketball at afternoon.
Lots of cars parked around the basketball court.
Many people are watching them play basketball.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
Someone is swimming in the water, and the water is very clear.
Some people are swimming in the water, and the water is very clear.
There are people swimming in the water, and the water is very clear.
Somebody is swimming in the water, and the water is very clear.
Some people are swimming in the water, and the water is very clear.
A place for religious activities, the pink domed buildings contain religious sculptures.
The grounds for religious activities include buildings with pink domes.
A domed building where religious activities are performed.
A place for religious activities, the pink domed buildings contain religious sculptures.
The grounds for religious activities include buildings with pink domes.
Near the highway is a farmland.
We can see a green tractor on the farmland.
There is a plough connected to the tractor.
The tractor plough on the farmland.
The tractor plough at daytime.
In the night, many people run on the road, and there are cranes with lights on in the middle of the road.
Many people run on the road at night, and there are cranes with lights on in the middle of the road.
There are many people running on the road at night, and there are cranes with lights on in the middle of the road.
At night, many people run on the road, and there are cranes with lights on in the middle of the road.
Many people run on the road and pass the sidewalk at night.
There are people swimming in the water, and there are people standing and watching on the shore.
There are people swimming in the water and people standing on the shore watching.
Some people are swimming in the water, while others are standing and watching on the shore.
Someone is swimming in the water, and someone on the shore is standing and watching.
There are people swimming in the water and people standing on the shore watching.
Between the football court and the wasteland is a wall made of iron bars and grid lines.
Some part of the iron bars of wall get rusty.
The floor of the football court is green with white marks.
We can see a goal on the football court.
Some parts of the wasteland are covered by grass and others are unsurfaced.
Some people are running on the road by the river.
There are people running on the road by the river.
There are people running, rivers and trees nearby, and houses in the distance.
Some people are running, there are rivers and trees nearby, and houses in the distance.
People are running, there are rivers and trees nearby, and houses in the distance.
Many children are playing football on the grass, and the coach is beside them.
A lot of children are playing football on the grass, and the coach is beside them.
My parents are watching outside the football field. There is a shade outside the football field.
The parents are watching outside the football field, and there is a shade outside the football field.
When parents watch outside the football field, there is a shade outside the football field.
There is a man running on the road, near the green lawn.
A man is running on the road, near the green lawn.
A man was running on the road, and the ground was asphalt.
One man was running on the road, and the ground was asphalt.
Someone is running on the road, and the ground is asphalt.
Lots of cars parked around the basketball court.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
This is an open-air professional rubber basketball court.
Bright sunshine on basketball field.
No one watched them play basketball.
Fierce black mudslides raced down the steep slopes.
Fierce black mudslides raced down the steep hillside.
The fierce black debris flow galloped down the steep hillside.
Fierce black debris flow on a steep hillside gallop..
A fierce black debris flow galloped down the steep hillside.
The firemen are putting out a fire at a house in the woods.
The firemen for forest fire extinguishing a fire house.
Firefighters put out a fire in a house in the woods.
Firefighters are putting out a fire in a house in the forest.
The firemen are putting out the fire for the house in the forest.
Many people hold religious activity near the dome at night.
People light a lot of candles at religious activity.
There are white buildings where religious activities are held.
There are cylindrical buildings where religious activities are held.
The place where the religious activity is held has many candles.
There is a lake.
There are some islands on the lake.
We can see buildings far away.
There are some white ships parked near the land.
There are many buildings and trees on the islands.
The yellow mudslide submerged many crops in the fields.
The yellow mudslides flooded many crops in the fields.
Yellow mud covered many crops in the field.
A yellow debris flow flooded many crops in the field.
Many crops in the field were flooded by yellow debris flow.
There was a traffic accident on the road and three cars collided.
On the road, there was a traffic accident, and there was traffic police coordinating beside the road.
A traffic accident happened on the road, and three cars collided.
On the road, there was a traffic accident and three cars collided.
An accident happened on the road, and a traffic policeman coordinated beside the road.
Some people were walking and watching them row the boats.
The weather for their boating was very nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extraordinary difficult.
The water on which they rowed the boat was very calm.
He rowed a extraordinary small boat by himself.
The people at the concert were very delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
There is a swimming pool.
The water looks blue.
There is a grassland.
We can see many people on the grassland.
We can see some black-and-white sofas.
Someone is playing football in the football field, and the stadium is surrounded by spectators.
Some people play football in the football field, and there are spectators all around the field.
There are people playing football in the football field, surrounded by spectators.
Trees and houses are outside the football field.
Outside the football field there are trees and houses.
There are many people swimming in the sea, and there are many waves in the water.
There are many people swimming in the sea and some people rowing in the water.
Many people are swimming in the sea, and there are many waves in the water.
A lot of people are swimming in the sea and some people are boating in the water.
In the sea, there are many people swimming and some people rowing in the water.
A man runs in a mountain path.
Running alone in a mountain path.
Run alone in a mountain path.
A man is running in a mountain path, and there are many trees nearby.
One person is running in a mountain path, and there are many trees nearby.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
There are many big trees around the basketball field.
Many people are watching them play basketball.
Bright sunshine on basketball area.
Road next to basketball court.
A yellow and white car was crushed by a torrent of debris.
The mudslide hurtled toward a yellow-and-white car and destroyed it.
The mudslide hurtled toward a yellow-white car and destroyed it.
Mudslides rushed to a yellowish white car, and destroy them.
The mudslide rushed to a yellow-white car and destroyed it.
In this conflict, people would smash, smash, loot and burn, causing fires.
The police will dissuade people in the conflict one by one.
Police also catch some people who deliberately cause conflict.
People in the conflict put up signs in protest.
During the conflict, some activists will burn flags and other items to express protest.
There is a river.
The land near the river has many stones on it.
The land far away has many trees on it.
Most trees are green and others are yellow.
The photo is taken at daytime.
We can see a huge white building.
There is a mess on the field in front of the building.
Parts of the building fall down.
Near the building is a yellow excavator.
On the field in front of the building is a mess.
There are some police officers who are preventing the escalation of the conflict.
Police officers carried batons and shields to maintain order and prevent conflict.
The men conflicted and argued in a small square.
This conflict brought together a very large number of people.
People in the conflict put up signs in protest.
Many people are running on the road, and cars are parked on both sides of the road.
A lot of people are running on the road, and cars are parked on both sides of the road.
There are many people running on the road, and cars are parked on both sides of the road.
Many people run on the road, and there are telephone poles on the roadside.
A lot of people run on the road, and there are telephone poles on the side of the road.
The mud-rock flow rushes forward at many stones in the river.
Debris flows forward at many stones in the river.
Debris flow rushes forward at many stones in the river.
The debris flowed against many stones in the stream.
Debris flow forward blunt many stone in the river.
There is a bridge over the water where they row the boat.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
The weather for their boating was extremely nice and sunny.
These people are rowing the boat extremely hard.
There was a traffic congestion at the corner of the road.
On the night of the city, the streets are brightly lit.
The streets are brightly lit at night in the city.
In the night of the city, the streets are brightly lit.
Traffic congestion happened at the corner of the road.
There was a traffic accident on the road of the car race, and the car was knocked out of shape.
On the road of the car race, there was a traffic accident and the car was knocked out of shape.
In a car race, there was a traffic accident, and the car was knocked out of shape.
On the road of the car race, there was a traffic accident, and all the spectators were watching.
An accident happened on the road of the car race, and all the spectators were watching.
We can see six cars on the highway.
There are four white car on the highway.
There is a black-and-white police car.
The police car run after other three cars.
The police car run after other three cars at daytime.
There is a swimming pool in the party.
The water in the party looks blue.
There is a band at the party.
One person in the party wear green.
There is some balloons in the party.
Large landslides brought down trees and damaged highway guardrails.
A large landslide caused trees to fall and road guardrails to be damaged.
Large landslides caused trees to fall and road guardrails to be damaged.
The landslide caused the trees to fall and the highway guardrail to be damaged.
Large landslides makes trees drop, damage of highway guardrails.
A green harvester reaps crops in a golden field.
This green harvester harvests crops in golden fields.
A green harvester is harvesting crops in a golden field.
This green harvester harvests crops in golden fields.
A green harvester in the golden harvest their crops in the field.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
There were some people watching them row the boat.
There was a large prairie on the shore where they rowed their boats.
There is a road.
The road is unsurfaced.
Two person walk on the road.
On side of the road are grasslands.
The grasslands are yellow.
Near the road are grasslands.
Some cars are parked on the grasslands.
We can see two police cars on the road.
One police car is white.
One police car is black.
This is a huge basketball court.
In the morning, some people enjoy basketball on the basketball court.
Bright sunshine on basketball area.
Many people are watching them play baseball.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
Someone is playing football on the football field, and the grass on the football field is a little bald.
Some people are playing football on the football field, and the grass on the football field is a little bald.
There are people playing football on the football field, and the grass on the football field is a little bald.
Somebody is playing football on the football field, and the grass on the football field is a little bald.
There are people playing football on the football field with lights on.
Someone is running on the trail beside the river. There are many trees nearby.
Some people are running on the path beside the river, and there are many trees nearby.
There are people running on the path beside the river, and there are many trees nearby.
Someone is running on the trail beside the river, and there are lawns on both sides of the river.
There are people running on the path beside the river, and there are buildings not far away.
This is a large baseball area.
In the morning, a number of people play baseball on the baseball court.
many people are watching them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
The landslide caused the mountain to sag and crack.
Landslid caused the mountain to sag and crack.
Landslides caused depressions and cracks in the mountain.
A landslide caused the mountain to sag and crack.
The landslide dented and cracked the mountain.
There were some people watching them row the boat.
There was a large prairie on the shore where they rowed their boats.
There are a number of boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
The six of them rowed the boat very arduous.
The cargo on the tractor caught fire.
Fire truck putting out fire for cargo on fire.
Fire truck is putting out fire with cargo on fire.
The excavator is taking down the cargo on fire.
The excavator is taking down the burning cargo from the tractor.
A fire broke out in the house next to the street, producing black smoke and traffic chaos.
Firefighters are using water cannons to tackle a fire that broke out inside the house.
A fire broke out in a house next to the street, and traffic was chaotic as a result.
A fire broke out in a house along the street, and firefighters put out the flames.
There was a fire in the house, and firefighters on the street were fighting the fire.
This is a tremendous baseball area.
Some people play baseball at night.
No one watched them play baseball.
There is a man on the baseball field
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
The mudslide swept many vehicles together and submerged the wheels.
Debris flow washed many vehicles together and flooded the wheels.
The muds washed many vehicles together and flooded the wheels.
The mudslide swept many vehicles together and submerged their wheels.
Debris flow will be many cars rushed together and flooded the wheels.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
Massive lights pushed the atmosphere of the concert to a climax.
This concert has huge speakers and displays.
We can see two overpasses.
There is a police car on one overpass.
There is a truck.
The truck is white.
The police car run after the white truck.
Several people are swimming in the river in bathing suits.
A few people are swimming in the river in bathing suits.
Two or tree people are swimming in the river in bathing suits.
Several people are swimming in the river in bathing suits.
Several people are take a swim  in the river dress  bathing suits.
Near the parking is a highway.
There is a police car on the highway.
The police car is white-and-black.
The police car run after a white car.
There are some cars parked on sides of the highway.
We can see a parking.
Near the parking is a race track.
We can see a white car on the race track.
Many cars are parked in the parking.
The race track is unsurfaced.
This is an unfinished constructing.
Here are a number of tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a cliff between the land and sea.
There are many houses placed irregularly on the grass land.
There is a road going through houses.
There is a forest on the land.
Most house has gray roof and white body.
A car accident happened on one side of the road with a British flag around it.
An accident happened on one side of the road with a British flag around it.
On one side of the road, there was a car accident with a British flag around it.
A car accident happened on one side of the road with a British flag around it.
There was a car accident on one side of the road with a British flag around it.
During the religious ceremony, the believers walked the red carpet.
Religious believers wear white clothes.
The religious master sat in a sedan chair.
Most of the believers are male compatriots.
When a religion is held, it is in the evening.
Rapid floodwaters flowed from the forest into the road.
The torrent of water flowed from the forest into the road.
Rapid floodwaters flowed from the forest into the highway.
The torrent of flood flowed from the forest into the road.
Rapids of the flood flow from the forest into the road.
There is a awfully tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
This is an unfinished constructing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There are a lot of trees near the road where they are racing.
Their cars are professionally modified.
The cars they race are extremely speedy.
They are all alone driving these cars.
There are many signs around the track where they race.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
Every one of them was very speedy on their modified cycle.
The rhythm of their bicycles is awfully regular.
Someone is swimming in the water, and the water is very green.
Some people are swimming in the water, and the water is very green.
There are people swimming in the water, and the water is very green.
Somebody is swimming in the water, and the water is very green.
There are people swimming in the water, and the water is very green.
The venue for this cycle race is a mountain road.
The roads at this competition venue are twisty and twisty.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
Many people in the street are holding red and white flags in protest.
In the streets many people are marching with red and white flags.
Many people are marching in the streets with red and white flags.
In the streets, many people are marching with red and white flags.
On the streets of many carried red and white flag in protest.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there are many people watching by the road.
There are many people running on the road, and there are many people watching by the road.
Many people are running on the road, and there are many onlookers beside the road.
Many people run on the road, and there are many trees beside the road.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there are many trees beside the road.
One person is on the football field, which is surrounded by an iron fence.
A person is on the football field, which is surrounded by an iron fence.
Outside the football field, there are many residential houses.
Many residential houses are located outside the football field.
There are many residential houses outside the football field.
The white van was driving through the fields.
White wagons were driving through the fields.
A white lorry drives in the field.
The white truck driving in the field.
A white truck is driving in the field.
There was a fire in a house in a neatly lined country that sent up a cloud of black smoke.
A fire broke out in a house in a well-lined country, sending up a cloud of black smoke.
A house fire broke out in a well-lined country, sending black smoke into the sky.
A house fire broke out in a well-lined country, sending black smoke into the sky.
Fire broke out in the neat rows of countryside have house produced all over the sky black smoke.
There are four white cars.
We can see a black car.
There is a white-and-yellow bus.
The two similar white cars are police cars.
Two police cars run after a black car.
Some people are playing football on the football field.
There are several people playing football on the football field.
The lawn of the football field is a little bald.
A little bald on the lawn of the football field.
There is a bit of baldness on the lawn of the football field.
A landslide appeared on the road on the snowy mountain.
After the snow mountain, the road collapsed.
There was a landslide on the mountain road after the snow.
There was a landslide on the mountain highway after the snow.
Snow mountain highways in the landslide phenomenon.
We can see a surfaced road on the bottom of the photo.
There are trees on sides of the road.
There are two black buildings on the yellow land on the upper of the photo.
Only a white car drive on the road.
The photo is taken at daytime.
The weather was awfully nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a hard hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle very speedy.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
They race cycle in the desert.
Many people swim in the water, and there are boats and houses on the shore.
There are many people swimming in the water, and there are boats and houses on the shore.
Many people swim in the water and there are many trees on the shore.
A lot of people are swimming in the water, and there are many trees on the shore.
Some people are swimming in the water, which is very clear.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle awfully speedy.
The back of their cycle were struggling to catch up.
They ride their cycle on very wide roads.
There are many trees near the road where they ride their cycle.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There is a green lawn near the road where the race runs.
On the running road, there is a green lawn nearby.
There are white buildings nearby on the running road.
Near the road where the race runs, several people are sitting at the door of the house.
There are several people sitting at the door of the house near the running section.
There is a farmland.
On the farmland is a red tractor.
The red tractor equip on a blue plough.
On the unploughed land are yellow crops.
We can see many cracks on the ploughed land.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
A number of buildings are being constructing here.
This is an unfinished constructing.
At night, many people play football on the football field with lights on.
There are many people playing football on the football field at night, and the lights on the football field.
Many people play football on the football field at night, and the lights on the football field.
At night, there are many people watching outside the football field.
Many people are watching outside the football field at night.
The sea is too deep for anyone to swim.
It's too deep in the sea for anyone to swim.
No one swims in the deep sea.
There is no one swimming in the deep sea.
The sea is too deep for anyone take a swim.
On sides of road are many yellow plants.
There is a car on the way.
Far from the right of the road is a forest.
The photo is taken at daytime.
It is a cloudy day.
The ferocious mudslide carried many trees and stones, flooding the road.
The fierce mudslide carried many trees, stones and flooded the road.
Fierce debris flow with a lot of trees, stones, flooded roads.
The fierce mudslide carried many trees and stones along and flooded the road.
The fierce mudslide carried many trees and stones, flooding the road.
This is a huge concrete basketball court.
A number of people play basketball at afternoon.
On this concrete basketball court, four people are playing basketball.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
There are two road bridge over the river.
On the left of the river is a road.
On the right of the river are many buildings.
We can see mountains far away.
It is daytime when the photo is taken.
The crater created by the landslide was filled with water.
A pit caused by a landslide is filled with water.
Water filled the pit caused by the landslide.
There is water in the pit caused by the landslide.
The landslide caused water filled the depressions in appearance.
Every one of them was extraordinary prompt on their modified cycle.
The rhythm of their bicycles is extraordinary regular.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
When they ride their cycle, the sea will also slap them ashore.
Each of them wears a difficult hat while riding the cycle.
The harvester delivers the harvested crops to a tractor with a pocket.
Harvester to harvest good crops to his pocket of the tractor.
The harvester transfers the harvested crops to a tractor with a pocket.
A harvester delivers the harvested crops to the tractor with the pocket.
The harvester delivers the harvested crops to the tractor with the pocket.
The lights on the concert venue are very bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
The cars they race are extremely speedy.
They are all alone driving these cars.
There are many signs around the track where they race.
There were a lot of people around the track watching their cars.
A lot of people watched them race their cars from the outside of the track.
Part of the land in the park was flooded. The park was also ruined by the flood.
The park has also become dilapidated due to flooding. Parts of the park were flooded.
Park is part of the land was submerged by the flood. The park has also become dilapidated due to flooding.
The land in the parking lot was flooded. It was also ruined by the flood.
Part of the land in the car park was flooded. It was also ruined by the flood.
There is a awfully tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
The landslide caused many stones to fall, making the mountain a mess.
Many stones fell from the landslide, making the mountain a mess.
A landslide caused many stones to fall, making the mountain a mess.
The landslide caused many rocks to fall, leaving the mountain in a mess.
Landslides caused many stones to fall, making the mountain a mess.
There's a house in town that's on fire and sending up clouds of black and white smoke.
A house in the town caught fire and sent black and white clouds of smoke.
A house in the town caught fire and sent a cloud of black and white smoke.
There was a house in the town that caught fire and sent up a cloud of black and white smoke.
Towns have a house in the blazing fire of black and white smoke.
The debris flow rushes down at many stones in the canyon.
A mudslide rushes down at many stones in the canyon.
The mudslide rushed down the gorge against many stones.
The mudslide rushed down the canyon against many rocks.
Debris flow in the canyon at many stone pentium.
At night, many people run on the road. There are two cranes in the middle of the road.
In the night, many people run on the road. There are two cranes in the middle of the road.
Many people run on the road at night, and there are two cranes in the middle of the road.
There are many people running on the road at night. There are two cranes in the middle of the road.
Many people run on the road at night, and there are trees beside the road.
Two harvesters cut the crops side by side in a golden field. Dust swirled in the path of the harvester.
This has two harvesters side by side reaping crops in a golden field. Dust swayed wherever the harvester passed.
Two harvesters cut crops side by side in a golden field. Dust swirled in the path of the harvester.
This has two harvesters side by side harvesting crops in the golden fields. Dust swept up wherever the harvester passed.
Two harvesters cut the crop side by side in the golden fields. The tip of the harvester have caused the dust.
On the left of the photo is a beach.
On the right of the photo is green water.
Some people sit or lie on the beach.
Some people swim in the water.
There is a long black gap on the beach.
On the day of the religious activity, there was a large crowd.
On the day of the religious activity, there are many people walking on the road.
On this day of religious activity, the roads are full of people.
Religious activities are held at night, and many people carry flashlights.
There are some houses next to the place where religious activities are held.
They had a cycle race on the road in the middle of a large lawn.
Every one of them was very speedy on their modified cycle.
The rhythm of their bicycles is extraordinary regular.
When they ride bicycles, their breathing rhythm is deliberately controlled.
Each of them wears a hard hat while riding the cycle.
There are many parasols in the party.
There are many white chairs in the party.
There is a swimming pool in the party.
People take party in daytime.
There are wooden walls around the party.
A farm vehicle works in a dusty field.
An agricultural vehicle works in a dusty field.
The farm vehicle is working in the dusty field.
A farm vehicles at once more dust of working in the field.
The agricultural vehicle works in a dusty field.
Cars and the first floor of the house were flooded. Only the tops of houses and cars could be seen.
The car and the first floor of the house were flooded. Only the top of the house and car can be seen.
The car and the first floor of the house were flooded. Only the top of the house and the car can be seen.
Cars and on the first floor of the house was submerged by the flood. Can only see the top of the house and car.
The first floor of the car and house was flooded. Only the tops of the houses and cars are visible.
The man is playing basketball on the road.
This road basketball court is very wide.
He is walking near the manhole cover with a basketball.
He can also play basketball by himself.
He should be extraordinary delighted playing basketball.
There is a train.
There is a railway.
On sides of the railway are grasslands.
There are many trees.
On the right of the railway is a highway.
There are many people marching in protest on the sidewalk beside the highway.
On the sidewalks beside the highway many people were marching in protest.
Many people were marching in protest on the sidewalk beside the highway.
On the sidewalk beside the highway, many people were marching in protest.
The road pavement many people in the protests.
A fire broke out in a house in the countryside and.
A house fire broke out in the countryside at night.
At night, a house fire broke out in the countryside.
A house fire in the countryside at night produced smoke. And the fire was put out by the firefighters.
At night, a house fire broke out in the countryside.
There are some sheet irons.
The sheet irons are blue.
Some sheet irons lose their shapes.
The roof made of sheet irons fall down.
The roof made of sheet irons lose its shape.
Fierce mudslides flowed down the mountain, leaving havoc in their path.
A torrent of ferocious debris flowed down the mountain, leaving a mess in its path.
Fierce mudslides flowed down the mountain, leaving a mess in their path.
Fierce mudslides poured down the mountain, leaving a mess in their path.
Fierce mud-rock flow down from the mountain, a mess everywhere.
The buildings break down after the earthquake.
We can see ruin of buildings on the land.
There is a ruin of buildings on the land.
On the land is a ruin of buildings.
The trees stand on the land.
There is a blue tractor.
A organ plough are equipped on the tractor.
The tractor is ploughing.
Most land has been ploughed.
The tractor has ploughed most land.
There are some professional players who are playing basketball.
This is a professional basketball court.
Huge spectators are watching their basketball game.
These people are divided into black and red teams.
There are professional referees on the basketball court.
A serious fire broke out in the building at night , and fire trucks were working to put out the fire.
Fire trucks are putting out all the fires in the building at night with a serious fire and heavy smoke.
There was a serious fire in the building at night and, the fire trucks were fighting the fire.
Fire trucks are putting out all the fires in the building at night with a serious fire and thick smoke.
At night, the fire engines were putting out the fire for the buildings that had a serious fire.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is a extraordinary tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
Through days of difficult work by workers, the construction has taken on its basic shape.
Many people marched through the streets with flags in protest.
A lot of people carrying flags paraded in the street.
Many people marched in the street with flags.
A lot of people marched in the street with flags.
Lots of people marched in the street with flags.
This is a huge baseball area.
A number of people enjoy baseball at afternoon.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
many people are watching them play baseball.
There is a large grass area on the baseball field.
There are many buildings.
We can see some skew buildings.
We can see clouds in the blue sky.
There are some people gather together on the road.
Some buildings fall into piece on the land.
Mud and mud from the mudslide flooded the highway.
Debris flow of dirt, mud covered the highway.
Mud and mud from debris flow flooded the road.
The mud from the debris flow flooded the road.
Mudslides of mud and mud flooded the road.
We can see buildings with red roof.
Near the buildings are trees.
Parts of the buildings fall down.
Parts of the buildings fall into pieces.
We can see people one building's top.
There is a farmland.
There are two red tractors.
The tractors stir up the dust.
The land on the right of the red tractors need to be ploughed.
The land on the left of the red tractors has been ploughed.
There is a farmland.
We can see two tractors on the farmland.
One tractor is red.
One tractor is covered by dust.
Most of the farmland is ploughed.
The mudslide covered the road and some of the adjacent woods.
The mudslide flooded the road and parts of the adjacent woods.
Mudslide buried next to the highway and part of the forest.
The mudslide submerged the highway and part of the adjacent woods.
The mudslide submerged the highway and some of the adjacent woods.
There is a road.
Many cars are parked on sides of the road.
There is a train.
Two cars are wait for the train.
Many cars on the road wait for traffic light.
We can see a plough on the farmland.
We can see light on the land.
There is someone ploughing on the farmland.
Someone plough on the farmland.
Someone plough at night.
There was a traffic jam on the road, and there were many bushes beside it.
A traffic jam happened on the road, and there were many trees beside it.
The traffic jam happened on the road, and there were many bushes beside it.
Traffic jam happened on the road, and there were many bushes beside it.
A traffic jam happened on the road, and there were many bushes beside it.
Several machines were working together in a golden field.
Golden several machines in each work in the field.
Several machines are working with each other in a golden field.
In the golden field three machines are working with each other.
Three machines work with each other in the golden field.
The fierce mudslide submerged many houses in the woods.
The ferocious mudslide submerged many houses in the woods.
Fierce mudslides flooded many house in the woods.
A fierce mudslide flooded many houses in the woods.
Many houses in the woods were flooded by fierce debris flow.
The water not only covered houses, but also washed things everywhere.
Floods not only submerged houses, but also washed things all over the place.
The flood not only covered houses, but also swept things everywhere.
Flood not only covered the house, but also washed things everywhere.
The flood flooded the house not only, still washing things are everywhere.
In places where religious activities are held, there are two buildings.
There are two white buildings with square buildings in the middle.
There were two white buildings with square buildings in the middle and people sat around him.
Two white buildings, the middle is a square building, people sitting around him.
There are two white buildings, with a square building in the middle, and people are sitting around him.
Some people play basketball at afternoon.
This is an indoor basketball court with solid wood floors.
No one watched them play basketball.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
They are trying to throw a basketball inside the hoop.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
They are having a cycle race in the city. There is a awfully tall building next to them.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
There is one swimming in the shallow water.
One is swimming in shallow water.
There is a swimming in shallow water.
A fish swims in shallow water
There is a man take a swim  in the shallow water.
Landslid caused houses to fall off the mountain, and many articles were scattered on the slope.
Landslide caused houses to fall off the mountain, and many articles were scattered on the slope.
The landslide caused houses to fall off the mountain, leaving many items scattered on the slope.
Damaged houses fall off from the mountain, many items piecemeal on the slope.
The landslide caused houses to fall off the mountain, and many articles were scattered on the slope.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
There are pieces of buildings.
We can see many building workers.
Most building workers wear safety helmets.
We can see a part of a red truck.
We can see big concrete blocks.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a very tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There are many people playing football on the football field, and there are many trees not far from the field.
A lot of people play football on the football field, and there are many trees not far from the field.
Many people play football on the football field, and there are many trees not far from the field.
There are many people playing football in the sun.
A lot of people play football in the sun.
There is a swimming pool in the party.
Two people are relax in the swimming pool at the party.
There are some people in the party sit on chairs.
One person in the party wear red shirt and white short.
Some people stand around the swimming pool in the party.
Floods inundated houses and roads. A black truck gallops through the water.
The flood covered houses and roads. The black truck was racing through the water.
The flood water inundated houses and roads. The black truck was racing through the water.
Flooding flooded houses and roads. A black truck gallops through the water.
The flood water inundated houses. The black truck was racing through the water.
The mudslide destroyed many houses in the village and brought many stones with it.
Many houses in the village were destroyed by the debris flow, which brought many stones.
A mudslide destroyed many houses in the village and brought many stones.
The mudslide washed away many houses in the village and brought many stones with it.
A landslide crushed many houses of the village, and brought a lot of stones.
There are some white buildings.
We can see two buildings with white walls and red roofs.
One red roof is broken.
We can see a hole on one red roof.
One red roof looks dusty.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
A number of people sat in the warehouse and watched them play basketball.
Road next to basketball court.
The basketball is right inside the basketball hoop.
They played basketball in the open space in front of a warehouse.
No one watched them play basketball.
There are many trees around the basketball area.
This is a professional open-air rubber basketball court.
They are shooting basketball.
This is a more professional rubber basketball court.
This is a large baseball area.
Some people play baseball at night.
No one watched them enjoy baseball.
There is a road near the baseball area.
There is a large grass area on the baseball area.
A black-roofed house was soaked in water.
The underside of a black-roofed house is soaked in water.
A house with a black roof was soaked in water.
The house with a black roof was soaked in heavy water.
A black on the top of the house below by water immersion.
Floods caused high water levels in the river to inundate the house.
Flood caused the water level in the river to rise.
The flood caused the river to rise and covered the house.
Flood in the river water level rising flooded the house.
The flood caused the river to rise and cover the house.
On the top half of the photo is the overcast sky.
Some buildings are in the midst of the trees.
Most buildings are outside of trees.
We can see  most buildings huddle together.
The photo is taken at daytime.
Traffic accident happened on the road, leaving only the wreckage on the road.
There was a traffic accident on the road, leaving only the wreckage on the road.
The traffic accident happened on the road, leaving only the wreckage on the road.
There was a traffic accident on the road, leaving only the wreckage on the road.
Traffic accident happened on the road, leaving only the wreckage on the road.
This is a large baseball area.
There are many trees around the baseball field.
There is a road near the baseball ground.
A number of people play baseball at afternoon.
Bright sunshine on baseball ground.
There are many people walking in the snow to take part in running in the snow.
A lot of people go to the snow to take part in the running in the snow.
Many people go to the snow to take part in the running in the snow.
In the running ground in the snow, there are many flags nearby.
At the running ground in the snow, there are many flags nearby.
On the day of religious activities, people sit beside the river.
People sit beside the river, and some are in the river.
On the day of religious activities, people sit on the red carpet by the river, and some people are in the river.
People wear colorful clothes and sit on the red carpet by the river.
People dressed in colorful clothes sat on the red carpet by the river.
A lot of people take part in running on the road, and there are several blue shade sheds on the roadside.
Lots of people take part in running on the road, and there are several blue shade sheds along the road.
There are many people taking part in running on the road, and there are several blue shade sheds on the roadside.
Many people take part in running on the road, and there are many people on the roadside.
There are many people taking part in running on the road, and there are many onlookers on the roadside.
A man is running on the road by the sea, surrounded by fences on both sides.
A person runs on the road by the sea, surrounded by fences on both sides of the road.
Running alone on the road, next to the sea.
One person is running on the road, next to the sea.
A man is running on the road, and there are trees in the distance.
Grey houses and trees were submerged by the flood water.
The gray houses and trees were so submerged by the flood that only their roofs and treetops could be seen.
Grey houses and trees were submerged by the flood.
Was submerged by the flood the gray house can only see the roof and the top of the tree and the tree.
Only the roofs and treetops of grey houses and trees were visible.
This is a huge baseball area.
A number of people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball area.
There are many trees around the baseball area.
There is a large grass area on the baseball field.
There is a white circle in the football field where someone is playing football.
Some people are playing football on the football field. There is a white circle in the field.
Somebody is playing football on the football field. There is a white circle in the field.
Some people are playing football on the football field, and the football field cup is surrounded by iron fence.
Somebody is playing football on the football field, and the football field cup is surrounded by iron fence.
They ride cycle on sand slopes.
The weather was awfully nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a hard hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle very speedy.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
The mountain is covered with plants.
There is a road on the mountain.
There are three cars on the road.
There are two white cars on the road.
There is a black car on the road.
There is a town.
We can see the setting sun.
There is a road.
On the left of the road are buildings.
On the right of the road is a grassland.
No one watched them row the boat.
He was rowing a boat all by himself.
He rowed the boat extremely speedy.
A man is rowing a boat.
There were some trees by the water where he was rowing the boat.
The gathering place is a bowl shaped building.
There is a checkered wooden box in the middle of the building.
The religious believers sat in an orderly manner.
When religion is held, it is cloudy.
The religious buildings are monotonous in color.
There is a green tractor on the farmland.
Most part of the land need to be ploughed.
We can see a blue plough connected to the tractor.
The green tractor plough on the land.
The green tractor plough at daytime.
Fierce mudslides rushed down the mountain, destroying houses and trees.
The fierce mudslides rushed down the mountain and destroyed houses and trees.
Fierce mudslides rushed down from the mountain, also destroyed houses and trees.
A fierce mudslide washed down from the mountain and destroyed houses and trees.
Ferocious mudslide washed down from the mountain and destroyed houses and trees.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
The traffic jam on the road is in two rows.
Traffic jam on the road in two rows.
There are two rows of traffic jams on the road.
Traffic jams formed two rows on the road.
On the mountain road, the traffic was blocked in two rows.
People take party at night.
People take party at night.
People take party at night.
There are many red light at the party.
There are many plate on the table at the party.
Two teams of players play football on the football field with lights on.
On the football field, there are two teams of players playing football with lights on.
The football field has two teams of players playing football with lights on.
Two teams of players play football on the football field, and there are many trees around.
On the football field, there are two teams of players playing football, and there are many trees around.
On the day of religious activities, people gather on the gate road.
On the day of religious activities, you gather on the gate road.
People gathered on the gate road and some people carried sedan chairs.
People gathered on the gate road and some carried colorful Sedans.
People dressed in colorful clothes gathered on the gate road. Some people carried colorful sedans.
The water in the party looks green.
The party is on the sea.
There is a ship in the party.
There are some balloons in the party.
There is a table on the ship in the party.
There are some dark clouds in the sky.
There are many trees.
We can see four similar white buildings.
There is a road.
The photo is taken at daytime.
This is an unfinished constructing.
The constructing will take some time to complete.
The constructing required a awfully large number of people working together to complete it.
Here are some trucks carrying the materials needed for this constructing.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
The fire left the house in the fields dilapidated, and firefighters cannons to extinguish the flames.
Firefighters used water cannons to put out the fire, which left the houses in the fields dilapidated.
The fire left the houses in the fields dilapidated, and firefighters to extinguish the flames.
Resulted in a dilapidated house between field, firefighters on the ladder with high-pressure water gun fire.
The fire left the houses in the fields dilapidated and firefighters used water cannons on a ladder.
Woods and red houses were flooded.
The trees and red houses were flooded.
Woods and red houses were flooded.
The woods and red houses were flooded.
Woods and the red house were flooded.
There are many buildings.
Many buildings fall down on the land.
Many buildings fall into pieces.
There is a mess on the land.
Many buildings lose their shapes.
One car was hit into the mountain and its body turned over.
The car was hit into the mountain and turned over.
An automobile was hit into the mountain and its body turned over.
There are many stones beside a car that was hit into the mountain.
One car was hit into the mountain, and there were many stones beside it.
The endless flood flooded the distant village. The bases of nearby trees were also submerged by the flood.
A vast expanse of water flooded the distant village. The bases of nearby trees were also submerged by the flood.
The endless flood flooded the distant village. The bottom of the nearby tree was also submerged by the flood.
Vast stretches of flooded the village in the distance. The base of nearby trees was also flooded.
The endless flood flooded the distant villages. Near the base of the tree is also flooded.
We can see trees far away on the farmland.
There is a green tractor on the farmland.
The green tractor is equipped with a red plough.
There is no grass on ploughed fields.
We can see grasses on unploughed fields.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were awfully delighted, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There is a mess.
Some buildings fall into pieces.
We can see someone near the mess.
There is a blue object on the land.
We can see wooden poles in the mess.
There is a mess on the land.
On the land is a mess.
We can see blue cloth in the mess.
We can see wooden materials in the mess.
We can see bricks in the mess.
There are many buildings.
The buildings looks old.
The buildings huddle together.
We can see trees between buildings.
Most roofs look brown or white.
A house fire broke out in the countryside at night. Flames and smoke filled the sky. Many fire engines were trying to put out the fire.
A fire broke out in a rural house at night. Flames and smoke filled the sky. Many fire engines were trying to put out the fire.
A house fire broke out in the countryside at night. Flames and smoke filled the sky. Many fire engines were trying to fight the fire.
Fire broke out in the night the house in the countryside.
There was a fire in the house in the countryside.
Many people in the streets are wearing yellow clothes and performing in parades.
On the streets of many people wearing yellow clothes in parades.
A lot of people in the street are parading in yellow clothes.
There are many people wearing yellow clothes in the street performing in a parade.
On the street, many people are parading in yellow clothes.
We can see snow on the land.
There are many building.
Some buildings fall in to pieces.
Some buildings stand on the land.
There is a mess under snow.
On the day of religious activities, there are many people.
There is a black building in the place where religious activities are held.
There was a black building in the middle and people surrounded him in a circle.
People surrounded him in a circle, and there was a blue in the middle.
There is a black building, people put him in a circle.
Someone is playing football on the football field and the ground of the football field is green.
Someone is playing football on the football field, and the ground is green.
Some people are playing football on the football field, and the ground is green.
There are people playing football on the football field, and the ground is green.
Someone is playing football in the hot sun.
There is a parking.
There are many cars.
Most cars are parked in the parking.
We can see a black car driving in the parking.
Some trees are planted in the parking.
The man was riding his cycle with his body bent towards the sun.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The sun shone on them, reflecting their figures on cycle.
The weather was extraordinary nice when they raced their cycle.
Each of them wears a arduous hat while riding the cycle.
Through days of arduous work by workers, the construction has taken on its basic shape.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
A number of buildings are being constructing here.
On the sidewalks along the street many people were marching in protest.
Many people were marching in protest on the sidewalks along the street.
On the sidewalks along the street, many people were marching in protest.
The street pavement many people in the protests.
Many people are marching in protest on the sidewalk beside the street.
A man is running on the road, and there is a house and a car nearby.
Someone is running on the road, and there is a green lawn beside the road.
A person is running on the road, and there is a house and a car nearby.
Someone is running on the winding road, and there are few houses nearby.
Somebody is running on the winding road.
This is a tremendous baseball area.
Some people play baseball at morning.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
no one watched them play baseball.
There is a large grass field on the baseball field.
They race cars on the road.
Their race cars are colorful.
There are a lot of trees near the road where they are racing.
They are all alone driving these cars.
The roads where they race cars are lined with lawns.
Many people run on the road. There are lakes and trees beside the road.
There are many people running on the road. There are lakes and trees beside the road.
Lots of people run on the road. There are lakes and trees beside the road.
Many people are running on the road, and there are mountains not far away.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there are mountains not far away.
A car accident happened on the road beside the mountain, leaving the wreckage of the car body on the road.
There was a car accident on the road beside the mountain, leaving the wreckage of the car body on the road.
An accident happened on the road next to the mountain, leaving the remains of the car on the road.
On the road beside the mountain, a car accident happened, leaving the wreckage of the car body on the road.
There was a car accident on the road beside the mountain, leaving the wreckage of the car body on the road.
The yellow harvester puts the harvested grain into the red container.
Yellow harvesters put the harvest into red containers.
The yellow harvester puts the harvested grain into a red container.
Yellow harvester to harvest from food to into the red in the container.
The yellow harvester puts the harvest into red containers
Ferocious floods turned roads into rivers.
Serious floods in the countryside submerged the land.
Endless floods turned roads into rivers.
Ferocious floods turned roads into rivers.
Infinite floods turned roads into rivers.
At night, there are many people playing football on the football field.
There are many people playing football on the football field in the evening.
Outside the football field, there are spectators.
The spectator stands outside the football field.
There is an audience outside the football field.
The party take place near a swimming pool.
One person in the party wear red shirt.
Many people in the party stand.
There is a tree near the party.
There are some chairs near the party.
The mudslide destroyed many houses and left the village in chaos.
The mudslide washed away many houses and left the village in a mess.
Many houses in the village were damaged by the debris flow, which made the village a mess.
A mudslide damaged many houses in the village and made the village a mess.
Sent mudslides has broken many houses of the village, village is a mess.
There is a grassland.
Three are three cars on the grassland.
Two similar cars are police cars.
Two police cars run after one white car.
We can see tire marks on the grass land.
Many people gathered to visit the religious activities.
Many people stood by the road to visit the religious activities.
Many people gathered to visit the religious activities.
Many people stood on the side of the road looking up at the religious service.
Many people gathered to visit the religious activities.
We can see police cars.
The police cars are white-and-black.
Two cars are surrendered by police cars.
A black car and a white car are surrendered by police cars.
We can see a policeman out of cars aiming at someone.
We can see two police cars.
The two police cars are parked.
We can see policemen around the police cars.
A black car is parked in front of the police cars.
Some policemen hold guns on their hands.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide down and destroyed the houses in the village.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide down and destroyed houses in the village.
Landslid caused the mountain to slide down and destroyed the houses in the village.
Landslides caused the mountain to slide down and destroyed the houses in the village.
A landslide caused the mountain to slide down and destroyed the houses in the village.
There are many neat formations and motorcades in the streets.
On the street, there are many neat parades and motorcades.
In the street, there are many neat parades and motorcades.
Streets, there are many neat square and the team in the parade.
There are many neat parades and motorcades on the street.
Two green machines are working in a golden field.
There are two green machines harvesting crops in a golden field.
Two green machine in the golden fields of work.
There are two green machine in the golden harvest their crops in the field.
Here are two green machines harvesting crops in golden fields.
Many people are marching in the streets with flags.
Many people are marching with flags in the streets.
On the streets of a lot of people carrying flags in the protests.
A lot of people in the street are holding flags in protest.
There are many people holding flags in the street marching in protest.
There is a business street.
There are many cars on the street.
There are many people on the street.
We can see a bus on the street.
There are many advertising boards on the street.
Cars pass by at the intersection, and there are tall buildings beside the intersection.
At the intersection, there are cars passing by, and there are tall buildings beside the intersection.
A car passes by at the intersection, and there are tall buildings beside the intersection.
The intersection has cars passing by, and there are cars passing under the intersection.
Vehicles pass by at the intersection, and there are also vehicles passing under the intersection.
Many people are playing football in the football field.
A lot of people are playing football in the football field.
In the football field, there are many people playing football.
The football field is green.
Soccer field is green.
The collapse of the mountain resulted in many cracks, exposing white stones.
The collapse of the mountain caused many cracks to appear, exposing white stones.
Many cracks appeared due to the collapse of the mountain, exposing white stones.
A mountain collapse caused many cracks, exposing white stones.
Mountain collapse caused many cracks, exposing white stones.
Two harvesters work in the dusty field.
Here are two harvesters working in a dusty field.
There are two harvesters in the farmland caused dust work.
Two harvesters work in a dusty farmland.
There are two harvesters working in the dusty field.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide down, threatening to flood the sea.
Landslid caused the mountain to slide, and it was about to drown the sea.
Landslides caused the mountain to slide down, and it was about to drown the sea.
The landslide caused the mountain to slide down, which was about to flood the sea.
Mountain landslide slip off, be about to cover the sea.
There was a landslide on the smoky mountain, and many plants and earth rolled down.
Many plants and soil rolled down when a landslide occurred on the smoky mountain.
There was a landslide on the smoky mountain, and many plants and dirt rolled down.
Smoky mountain landslides happened, a lot of plants and soil are rolling down.
A landslide occurred on the smoky mountain, and many plants and soil rolled down.
There are farmlands.
Most farmlands look green.
The plants on the farmlands are green.
Plants on some farmlands are sparse.
The photo is taken at daytime.
On the day of the religious event, several trucks carrying religious Buddha statues were paraded along the road.
On the day of religious activities, many people gather on the road in the evening.
On religious day, the Buddha statue is paraded on a truck.
On this day of religious activities, people ride in trucks and parade.
On religious day, the Buddha statue is paraded on a truck.
People in the party stay together.
The party is on the grass.
There is a table in the party.
The are some big stones in the party.
One person in the party hold a plate.
A red arch marks the end of the race.
At the end of the race, the sign is a red arch.
Many people are waiting for the athletes to arrive at the end of the race.
The end of the race has a blue shade and buildings.
A blue shade and a building are at the end of the race.
This is a extraordinary wide baseball field.
A number of people enjoy baseball at morning.
There are many trees around the baseball field.
There is a road near the baseball field.
There is a large grass area on the baseball area.
There is a grassland.
On the grassland is a police car.
The marks on police car tell 7002.
There are three person near the police car.
Two policemen hold one person near the police car.
There are some old buildings.
There is a ruin of old buildings.
The roofs of buildings break down after an earthquake.
We can see cracks on the roofs.
Some parts of the roofs fall into pieces.
There was a traffic jam on the highway in the desert mountain area.
Traffic jam happened on the highway in the desert mountain area.
A traffic jam occurred on the highway in the desert mountain area.
In the desert mountains, there was a traffic jam on the highway.
During the day, there was a traffic jam on the highway in the desert mountain area.
There is a river.
On sides of the river are trees.
The water looks yellow.
We can see white waves in the water.
There are some stones out of water.
The party is near a building.
There are some tables in the party.
Some people in the party sit on the chairs.
The tables in the party is white.
There are some trees in the party.
The building and the street below the bridge were crowded with people marching in protest.
Building and bridge street with the many people in the protests.
And the streets under the building and the bridge are crowded with people marching in protest.
The streets under the building and the bridge are crowded with people marching in protest.
People are marching and protesting in the streets under the building and the bridge.
On sides of the river is cliffs made of stones.
The water in the river looks yellow.
There are some roads on the right of the river.
On the left of the river is a wasteland without buildings.
We can see mountains near the river.
In the night, many people run on the road, and street lamps are on beside the road.
Many people run on the road at night, and there are street lamps on the side of the road.
A lot of people run on the road at night, and there are street lamps on the side of the road.
Many people run on the road at night, and there are many trees beside the road.
There are many people running on the road at night, and there are many trees beside the road.
Near the crossing is a overpass.
There is a white truck on the overpass.
After the white truck are two white-and-black cars.
The white-and-black cars are police cars.
After the white truck are two police cars.
There are two highways.
There are three cars on the left highway.
There is a car on the right highway.
The land between highways are planted with trees.
On the left of highways is a white building.
This is a huge basketball court.
A number of people enjoy basketball at afternoon.
Road next to basketball court.
No one watched them play basketball.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
The streets were crowded with people marching in protest at night.
Night on the streets of the crowded people in the protests.
There are many people marching and protesting in the streets at night.
At night, there are many people marching in the streets to protest.
In the streets at night, there are many people marching in protest.
There are some unsurfaced road.
Between the unsurfaced road is grass land.
There are some light on the grass land.
There is a tree on the grass land.
There is no activity on the unsurfaced road.
A man runs in the mountains in the morning, and there is a lake nearby.
One person runs in the mountains in the morning, and there is a lake nearby.
A person runs in the mountains in the morning, and there is a lake nearby.
One is running in the mountains in the morning, with the sun just rising in the distance.
A person is running in the mountains in the morning, with the sun just rising in the distance.
Someone is swimming in the water, and someone is watching.
There are people swimming in the water, and there are people watching.
Some people are swimming in the water while others are watching.
There are people swimming in the water, and there are people watching.
Some people are swimming in the water, while others are watching.
The mudslide swept many stones together.
Mudslides rushed together many stone.
The debris flow washed many stones together.
A mudslide washed many stones together.
Many stones were washed together by the debris flow.
There are two teams of players playing football on the football field.
Trees are outside the football field.
Outside the football field there are trees.
The middle of the football field has a circle.
A circle is in the middle of the football field.
He rode his cycle in the gap between the lawns.
Small flowers are growing on the lawn where he rides his cycle.
When he rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
When he rides his cycle, he stands up and rides.
They ride their cycle awfully speedy.
There is an old building.
We can see a hole on the old building.
We can see a big concrete block on the land.
There are some stones on the land.
We can see bricks on flashings.
A man was playing football on the football field, and the field was surrounded by boards and nets.
There is a man playing football on the football field, and the field is surrounded by boards and nets.
One man was playing football on the football field, and the field was surrounded by boards and nets.
There is a man playing football on the football field, and the field is surrounded by boards and nets.
One man was playing football on the football field, and the field was surrounded by boards and nets.
The mountain's ferocious mudslides, mixed with plants, rushed down.
The mountain's fierce mudslides, mixed with plants, rushed down.
Fierce mudslides in the mountains, mixed with plants, rushed down.
The fierce mudslides rushed down with plants.
The fierce debris flow on the mountain mixed with plants rushed down.
The party is on the second floor of the building.
There is a red parasol in the party.
One person in the party hold a baby.
The party is on the white floor.
The party is on the afternoon.
There are three people playing basketball together.
There are two people watching them play basketball.
They parked a motorcycle around the basketball court.
There is a road around their basketball court.
There are many houses around the basketball court.
The flood swept the villages and roads.
Floods swept villages and roads. Cars on the road are driving in the water.
The flood swept through villages and roads. The car in the water on the road.
Floods swept through villages and roads. The cars on the road are driving through the water.
Floods have swept through villages and roads. Cars on the road are driving in the water.
Many cars are crowded together on the road, and there seems to be a traffic accident.
Traffic congestion happened on the road, and there were many trees and tall buildings beside the road.
The traffic congestion happened on the road, and there were many trees and tall buildings beside the road.
The traffic congestion happened on the road, and there were many trees and tall buildings beside the road.
There was a traffic congestion on the road, and there were many trees and tall buildings beside the road.
The indoor football field is turned on.
The lights are turned on in the indoor football field.
Some people play football indoors.
Somebody is playing football indoors.
There are people playing football indoors.
A yellow circle is in the middle of the football field.
The center of the football field is a yellow circle.
There is a man in black standing in the middle of the football field.
The man in black is standing in the middle of the football field.
One man in black is standing in the middle of the football field.
The flood waters spread to every corner of the village. The bases of many trees have been submerged.
Floods in almost every corner of the village. The base of many trees has been submerged.
The flood of water spreads all over the village. The bottoms of many trees were already submerged.
Flood spread all over the village. Many trees have been submerged at the bottom.
The floods in almost every corner of the village. Many trees have been submerged at the bottom.
Each of them wears a hard hat while riding the cycle.
They ride their cycle very speedy.
There is a large lawn near the road where they ride their cycle.
When them rides his cycle, the sun is shining and the weather is cool.
There are a lot of cars on the way they ride their bikes.
At night, a group of black people are playing basketball.
Bright lights on the basketball court.
Others are watching this black person shoot.
This black man is trying to shoot.
They are very delighted enjoying basketball.
This is a tremendous basketball court.
Two people are playing basketball in the dark.
No one watched them play basketball.
Road next to basketball court.
It was very dark on the basketball court.
In the morning, there was a traffic jam on the suburban road where people went to work.
There was a traffic jam on the suburban road where people went to work in the morning.
A traffic jam happened on the suburban road where people went to work in the morning.
Traffic jam happened on the suburban road where people went to work in the morning.
There was a traffic jam on the road in the suburbs where people went to work.
Two cars collided on the road, and there were trees beside the road.
There are two cars colliding on the road, and there are trees beside the road.
Two cars collided on the road, and there were trees beside the road.
On the road, two cars collided, and there were trees beside the road.
The two cars collided on the road, and there were trees beside the road.
Many religious believers wear yellow clothes to perform religious activities on the road.
Many religious believers wear yellow clothes for religious activities on the road.
Many religious believers dressed in yellow on the road for religious activities.
Many religious believers wear yellow clothes for religious activities on the road.
Many religious believers wear yellow clothes to perform religious activities on the road.
There are many people.
Most people gather together.
Two person sit together near other people.
It is daytime.
Some people are chatting.
There are many people taking part in running competitions on the road. There are many trees on both sides of the road.
Many people take part in running competitions on the road. There are many trees on both sides of the road.
A lot of people take part in running competitions on the road, and there are many trees on both sides of the road.
Many people take part in running competitions on the road, and there are many trees on both sides of the road.
There are many people participating in running competitions on the road, and there are many houses nearby.
The man in white was sitting on the ground with a football on his feet.
There is a man in white sitting on the ground with a football on his feet.
One man in white was sitting on the ground with a football on his feet.
A man in white is sitting on the ground with a football on his feet.
There is a man in white sitting on the ground with a football on his feet.
A fire had broken out in a White House with a black roof far away in the forest.
There was a fire in a house far away in the forest with a white side and a black roof.
A fire broke out in a house far away in the forest with white sides and black roofs.
A fire had broken out in a house with a white edge and a black roof far away in the forest.
The forest in the distance between the house has a thick white smoke that a fire broke out.
Mudslides hit houses in the woods.
A mudslide washed into houses in the woods.
The muds washed into houses in the woods.
Debris flow washed into houses in the woods.
Mudslides rushed to the house in the woods.
Many people are running on the road, and there are crops beside the road.
There are many people running on the road, and there are crops beside the road.
Lots of people are running on the road, and there are crops beside the road.
Lots of people are running on the road, with mountains and trees in the distance.
There are many people running on the road, with mountains and trees in the distance.
There was a traffic jam on a factory road.
A traffic jam occurred on a factory road.
Traffic jam happened on a factory road.
The traffic jam happened on the factory highway.
There was a traffic jam on the factory highway during the day.
On the day of religious activities, people set up stalls on the roadside.
People set up stalls on the roadside and there were few people.
There were very few people, and the roadside was red soil.
There were red soil and rivers on the side of the road.
On the day of religious activities, people stand in the river.
We can see a tower.
There is black-and-white tower.
The tower is broken.
Some parts of the tower are broken.
Some parts of the tower are missing.
On the day of the religious service, several negroes carried the bridal sedan chair.
On the day of religious service, several black people carried a sedan chair.
On the day of the religious service, several black people carried the sedan chair.
On the day of the religious service, several negroes carried a sedan chair.
In the religious activities, several black carried the sedan.
There is a guy playing on this red brick basketball court.
This is a basketball court made of red bricks.
No one watched them play basketball.
There are many trees around the basketball field.
Road next to basketball court.
There is a parking.
It is daytime.
Many car are in the parking.
Many car are parked in the parking.
We can see white and yellow marks on the floor of parking.
There are some boats racing on this river.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There are also a number of houses on the shore of the boat race.
No one watched them row the boat.
There are many trees near where they row the boat.
So many tower cranes work together to construct this thing.
There is a lot of scaffolding here to aid in the construction.
There is a lot of industrial waste on this construction site.
After many days of construction, the building has a certain prototype.
There is a awfully tall tower crane here to aid in the construction.
There are four cars on the highway.
We can see a red car on the highway.
We can see a police car on the highway.
The police car is white-and-black.
We can see the police car running after two cars.
There is a waterfall.
The land on sides of the river is made of stones.
There are many people near the river.
The water looks white.
There are many waves in the water.
There is a highway.
On the highway are two cars.
The black car is a police car.
Near the police car is a silver car.
The lights of cars are on.
There was a car crashed on the track.
On the track, a car was crashed.
Traffic accident happened on the track, and cars emitted a lot of smoke.
On the track, there was a traffic accident, and cars emitted a lot of smoke.
There was a car accident and it was hit by the sea.
There are red, white, blue and black cars placed in the parking.
The floor of parking is gray.
There are some trees planted in the parking.
We can see some trees without leaves.
One person walk in the parking.
The sea water is very blue, and some people are swimming in it.
The sea is blue and some people are swimming in it.
It's blue, and some people are swimming in it.
Sea water is very blue, and some people are swimming in the sea.
It's blue, and some people are swimming in it.
There is a T-like crossing.
There are cars on sides of roads.
There are many buildings.
Roofs on buildings are brown.
We can see solar water heater on one building's roof.
The lights on the concert venue are awfully bright.
On this night, people gather to watch concerts.
A lot of people are watching the concert.
There are many houses around the concert venue.
There are some roads around the concert venue.
There is a highway.
There is a building under shade.
We can see some cars on the highway.
Around the road is a grassland.
The grassland looks yellow.
Floods flooded green crops.
The flood drowned the green crops.
Flooding the green crops.
Floods overwhelmed green crops.
The flood flooded the green crops.
Many people are marching and protesting on the sidewalk beside the street.
On the sidewalk beside the street, many people are marching in protest.
A lot of people are marching and protesting on the sidewalk beside the street.
On the sidewalks beside the main street, many people were marching in protest.
Beside the street pavement, there are many people in the protests.
The river bed is made of stones.
The stones are angular.
Water hit on stones and produce white bubbles.
The photo is taken at daytime.
The stones that over the water are wet.
The green harvester was harvesting wheat in the field.
Green harvester harvests wheat in the field.
The green harvester harvests wheat in the field.
Green harvesters cut wheat in the fields.
A green harvester was harvesting wheat in the field.
This is a immense basketball court.
Some people play basketball at night.
Lots of cars parked around the basketball court.
There is a large lawn around the basketball court.
There are two people talking on the basketball court.
There is a road.
We can see three cars on the road.
There are two lakes.
Near the road is a lake.
There are trees between the road and a lake.
Traffic accidents happened on the roads in the suburbs, and there were many residential houses around.
There was a traffic accident on the roads in the suburbs, and there were many residential houses around.
A traffic accident happened on the roads in the suburbs, and there were many residential houses around.
On the suburban road, there was a traffic accident, and there were many residential houses around.
There was a traffic accident on the roads in the suburbs, and there were many residential houses around.
We can see a farmland.
There are some plants on the farmland.
There is a green tractor on the farmland.
We can see a plough which is equipped on the tractor.
Most land need to be ploughed.
The sun was shining and the weather was cool when they raced the cycle.
They are doing a cycle race on the Ring Road.
The cycle they race on are professionally modified.
The weather was very nice when they raced their cycle.
They ride their cycle speedy and slow.
This is a big baseball area.
Some people enjoy baseball at afternoon.
Bright sunshine on baseball field.
No one watched them play baseball.
There is a large grass area on the baseball field.
Many cars are crowded together, and there is a gas station around.
A lot of cars are crowded together, and there are many tall buildings not far away.
There are many cars crowded together, and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
Lots of cars are crowded together, and there are many tall buildings not far away.
Many cars are crowded together and there seems to be a traffic congestion.
There were a number of people watching them row the boat.
They row a boat on a awfully large sea.
There is also a person in command on each boat.
The water on which they rowed was extremely calm.
Lots of people paddling on each boat.
There is an amusement park.
We can see a sky wheel.
Near the amusement park is a beach.
We can see many people on the beach.
We can see a ship on the water.
The landslide caused trees to slide down the mountain onto roads, blocking traffic.
Landslides cause trees to slide down the road with the mountain, blocking traffic.
The landslide caused trees to slide down the mountain onto the road, blocking traffic.
Landslide caused trees to slide down the road with the mountain, blocking traffic.
Trees as the mountain landslide slip off to the road, blocking traffic.
In the streets between the buildings some people were marching in protest.
Building between some streets in protest.
There are some people marching in protest in the street between the buildings.
On the street between the buildings, some people are marching in protest.
A few people are marching in protest in the street between the buildings.
Many lorries carried the grain to the stores.
Some trucks carry the grain to the grain store.
Many lorries carried the grain to the store.
Some trucks carry the grain to the stockpile.
Many trucks to bring food supplies.
Near the ruin is a slope.
Some trees are slanting.
We can see a building fall down on the land.
The roof of the broken building is gray.
There is a mess on the land.
There are three highways.
We can see a swimming on the top of one building.
We can see a tennis court on the top of one building.
There are many cars on the road.
We can see some cars parked together.
Many people run on the road, and there is a parking lot beside the road.
There are many people running on the road, and there is a parking lot beside the road.
A lot of people are running on the road, and there is a parking lot beside the road.
Lots of people run on the road, and green trees are planted on the side of the road.
There are many people running on the road, and green trees are planted on the side of the road.
Traffic accident happened on the road, and there were many telephone poles beside it.
There seems to be a traffic accident at the crossroads.
Looks like a traffic accident happened at the intersection.
It seems that there was a traffic accident at the crossroads.
Seems there was a traffic accident at the crossroads.
The landslide caused many green plants to slide to the bottom, and a lot of garbage was also brought out.
Landslides caused many green plants to slide down the bottom of the mountain. A lot of rubbish was also brought out.
Landslid leads to many green plants, and garbage slides down the bottom of the mountain.
Landslides cause many green plants, and garbage slides down the bottom of the mountain.
Landslide caused many green plants and garbage to slide down the bottom of the mountain.
Here are some tower cranes to help construct this thing.
There are so many building materials here to get ready to construct.
There is a creek next to this building under construction.
There is already some equipment here to facilitate the construction.
Some buildings are being constructing here.
There are many people.
There are many tables and chairs.
Some people eat on the tables.
There is a child driving bicycle.
We can see some children have fun on the land.
We can see a red tractor.
The red tractor equip on a red plough.
The land need to be ploughed has grass on it.
The land on the right of the red tractor need to be ploughed.
The land on the left of the red tractor has been ploughed.
There was a traffic jam on the highway.
A traffic jam happened on the highway.
Traffic jam happened on the highway.
The traffic jam happened on the highway.
There was a traffic jam on the highway, and there were many trees beside it.
Many people in the streets are wearing gorgeous clothes and performing in parades.
In the streets, many people dressed in gorgeous clothes were performing in parades.
In the streets, many people dressed in fancy clothes are performing in parades.
In the streets, many people are wearing gorgeous clothes and performing in parades.
On the streets of many people dressed in fine clothes in parades.
It is at night.
There is a river.
A white ship parked near the land with light on.
There are many buildings with light on.
We can see three cars on the road.
The harvester produces a lot of dust as it harvests crops.
Harvesters generate a lot of dust while harvesting crops.
A harvester produces a lot of dust as it harvests crops.
Harvesters produce a lot of dust as they harvest crops.
A harvester to harvest the crops and produce large amounts of dust.
There is a farmland.
The farmland looks yellow.
The farmland is near a cliff.
Under the cliff is water.
We can see white waves in the water.
There is a farmland.
There are yellow crops on the unploughed land.
We can see a tractor working on the farmland.
The ploughed land looks black.
Two fields of the farmland have been ploughed.
Fire truck on the road is putting out the house.
Fire trucks on the road are putting out fires for houses.
The fire in the house is fierce.
The house is on fire.
Fire trucks are watering the burning house.
Near the building is a grassland.
We can see lamps.
People gather together on the grassland.
We can see blue cloth on the grassland.
There are some white-and-blue tables.
At concerts, some lights will form a special pattern.
The concert hall was full of people.
The people at the concert were extraordinary happy, singing and dancing.
This concert venue can be said to be crowded with people.
There are so many speakers in this concert venue.
